DPA: Iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in Baghdad.
The cells were operating in the Ghazaliyah and al-Jihad districts of the capital.
It reminds me too much of the ARVN officers who were secretly working for the other side in Vietnam.
Al-Zaman : Guerrillas killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul.
On Wednesday guerrillas had kidnapped a cosmetic surgeon and his wife while they were on their way home.
In Suwayrah, Kut Province, two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated.
Guerrillas killed an engineer, Asi Ali, from Tikrit.
They also killed Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab, a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in Tikrit.
Two other Dulaim leaders have been killed in the past week and a half.
Guerrillas near Hawijah launched an attack that left 6 dead, including 4 Iraqi soldiers.
One of them was from the Jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the Hawijah garrison.
The Commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion.
He is no longer in the dominant Shiite list, the United Iraqi Alliance, and won't have many seats in the new parliament.
Now the Electoral Commission is refusing to punish people for mere past Baath Party membership.
The situation in Iraq is only going to get better this way.
If he or she did not, then they should have all the same rights as other Iraqis.
Al-Sharq al-Awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of Saddam Hussein for a 1982 massacre at Dujail has died.
The trial begins again Nov.28.
In Baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas, mostly in Sadr city and Adhamiya.
Everyone is apprehensive, there is some talk that April 9th and 10th are going to be bloody days.
Speaking of Fallujah, we have only Al-Jazeera to rely on for our news from there.
Over 300 Iraqis are reported dead and 500 wounded in Fallujah alone.
Al-Iraqiyah tv said that ICDC were controlling Ramadi.
Now you can tour Chernobyl and write your own story.
There is a lot to learn about Chernobyl.
There are a wealth of references on Chernobyl.
One of them is the Rest and Recuperation Program, wherein a child can come to the US for a few weeks in the summer.
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming, and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have.
I'm sorry to say Elena's story has been revealed to be a fake.
Musharraf has been trying to purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al-Qaeda sympathizers.
All this is highly unlikely, as with most al-Qaeda crackpot schemes.
But so was it unlikely that a small group of Arab mujahidin would virtually take over Afghanistan.
Response: The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government.
On the other hand, the US should strong-arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement of the Kashmir issue.
The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism, and even the threat of nuclear war, than Iraq ever did.
Response: The US has succeeded in politically isolating Hamas, and started the process of cutting off its funding.
Response: Iraq is actually hostile territory for al-Qaeda, and without Iraqi sympathizers it cannot succeed there.
Certainly, the Shiites already hate al-Qaeda and would help; likewise the Kurds.
The problem of mollifying the Sunnis, though, has to be solved to avoid giving al-Qaeda an entree.
We need an FDR in Iraq, not a Ronald Reagan.
George W. Bush alleged Thursday that John Edwards lacks the experience necessary to be president.
Hiller asked Bush to name the leaders of Chechnya, Taiwan, India and Pakistan.
Hiller asked, inquiring about Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf, who seized control of the country October 12.
Hiller replied: "No, it's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots." . . .
Gore released a statement Friday taking Bush to task for his comments on Pakistan's recent coup.
A spokesman for President Clinton also criticized Bush's comments.
I can't tell you how ominous I found Bush's performance in that interview.
I still remember him stuttering about "the General," unable to remember Musharraf's name.
Musharraf went on to play nuclear brinkmanship with India in 2002, risking war twice that year.
This was the body that Bush proclaimed was bringing "stability" to the region in fall of 1999.
So, one answer to Bush's charge about Edwards is that if it had any merit, Bush should have declined to run himself.
Another answer is that Edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than Bush did then.
I don't see Bush doing any of this.
Saddam never did anything practical to help the Palestinians.
He did not allow Palestinian radicals to launch operations against Israel from Iraq.
By the late 1990s, Iraq had no nuclear or biological weapons program, and had destroyed its chemical weapons stockpiles.
Its ramshackle army had virtually collapsed before the American invasion in 2003.
The bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush administration created a weak and failed state.
Armed militias, many staffed by former Iraqi military men with substantial training and experience, have proliferated.
Anti-Israeli and pro-Palestinian feeling is strong among several major Iraqi ideological groups and currents.
They vehemently protested the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, the leader of Hamas, last March.
These Shiite movements had been suppressed by Saddam Hussein's regime, but have now organized and armed themselves.
They have also reestablished their historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiites.
An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for Israel.
That private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites.
The anger has spread throughout the Muslim world, including Iraq.
But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo-Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making.
For that reason, he said, Kumaratunga's government was keen to beef up military preparedness with Indian support.
And the Tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive," Muni told IPS.
Colombo held six rounds of talks with the Tigers between September 2002 and March 2003.
In 1987, the Tamil Tigers reluctantly accepted the peace accord under Indian pressure.
About 1,200 Indian soldiers were killed during this phase of the conflict.
But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo-Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making.
The reality is that India is no longer the enemy of choice for the people of Pakistan.
That distinction has now gone to the United States.
It is also far more than what any administration in New Delhi can deliver.
Indeed, their reports are filled with tales of the "atrocities" of Indian troops on the innocent jihadis.
The one country that has shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China.
M.D. Nalapat, an expert on jihad, is professor of geopolitics at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education, India.
We all know that John Kerry served in Vietnam.
During his time in the Guard, George Bush flew the F-102 Delta Dagger fighter-interceptor.
The F-102 saw service in the Vietnam theater between March 1962 and December 1969.
As far as George Bush knew, he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam.
What follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine (thanks to Dave Manzano).
The future president joined the Guard in May 1968.
By the time it was over, Bush had served nearly two years.
After training, Bush kept flying, racking up hundreds of hours in F-102 jets.
As he did, he accumulated points toward his National Guard service requirements.
The numbers indicate that in his first four years, Bush not only showed up, he showed up a lot.
Bush asked for permission to go to Alabama to work on a Senate campaign.
His superior officers said OK.
Requests like that weren't unusual, says retired Col. William Campenni, who flew with Bush in 1970 and 1971.
In '72 or '73, if you were a pilot, active or Guard, and you had an obligation and wanted to get out, no problem.
So Bush stopped flying.
From May 1972 to May 1973, he earned just 56 points - not much, but enough to meet his requirement.
In June and July of 1973, he accumulated 56 points, enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973-1974 year.
During his service, Bush received high marks as a pilot.
Democrats are spitting mad over attacks on John Kerry's record by the group Swift Boat Veterans for Truth.
Voters are perfectly able to decide whether it's important or not in November.
Now, after the Swift boat episode, the spotlight has returned to Bush.
And perhaps someday Kerry will release more of his military records as well.
Byron York is a White House correspondent for National Review.
His column appears in The Hill each week.
I suspect the streets of Baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week.
Ahmed Al-Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al-Sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media.
The main Kurdish coalition list (PUK and KDP) is barely mentioned outside the Kurdish region.
Even there, many Kurds look and act as if they are going to grab the chance to vote them out of power.
I didn't argue with him but I asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess.
First driving out the Americans, then fighting the Shia back into submission (as in 1991).
Sunni Iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation.
Many of these Sheikhs have been disenfranchised and abused over the last two years.
Al-Gu'ud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government.
The Gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of Al-Anbar governor some months back.
The revolt took two weeks to be suppressed by the Republican Guard.
Al-Lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident.
I believe national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new Iraq.
The Shia cannot live without the Sunnis, and vice versa.
I thought the US government was looking for me.
Because of such talk, Posada has been taken into custody by Immigration officials.
Authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about Posada's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug.
But comfortable among the thugs, Posada overplayed his hand and embarrassed his old patron, the US government.
But then, maybe that wouldn't have saved him either, because Posada is not Meiring.
Posada can be given up, but Meiring can't.
I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela, which is the only way that question could be answered with a Yes.
I expect it will be determined that, under "Strong Man" Hugo Chavez, Posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial.
The hope may be that Posada can soon be offered to a post-Chavez Allawi-like puppet in Caracas.
But Posada's nearly 80 years old, and the Venezuelan people will ensure that's a vain hope.
So instead Posada may be held indefinitely, in comfortable custody.
Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics.
Wilson was claiming that he had been working for the CIA when he sold the C-4 to Quaddaffi.
Then Charles A. Briggs came to the rescue.
Last week, Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston, Texas, threw out Wilson's two-decades old conviction.
Austin Aaron Bernard III, 36, was arrested on a charge of aggravated rape of a child under the age of 13.
If I was Rummy I'd send Posada to Iraq to blow things up there.
Yesterday evening, the Posada story was featured in the public television news show in Germany (ARD, Tagesthemen).
Now that's a post I can relate to.
You really got me thinking, I enjoy reading this blog.
I don't know how others feel, but I'm definitely looking into immigration to Canada as an option.
The good A3l US of A aint what it used to be.
This may be of interest to you I have a free online dating service.
Hey I just love your blog.
You CAN Do It.
And It's Not Hard To Do.... IF You Know HOW.
Don't Let This Pass You By Without At Least Taking A Look.
It is likely, but not certain, that they will be deported to Myanmar.
Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels.
It is old news that the Tamil Tigers have developed a strong network within South Africa.
This is not unknown to New Delhi.
The presence of the Sea Tigers in the area with guns, cash and drugs makes the situation extremely dangerous.
Considering the islands' huge strategic importance, it is amazing how lax New Delhi has been.
As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in, Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny.
Indian intelligence's lackluster performance in dealing with the LTTE is startling.
The arms were said to belong to the LTTE and "other terrorist groups".
The search-and-destroy operation was carried out by the Indian government after repeated requests from Colombo.
In addition, LTTE activity in the Andaman Sea is well known to local observers.
The biggest LTTE maritime disaster was reported in the now-defunct Asiaweek in 2001.
As is LTTE standard procedure, the vessel changed its name at sea to Horizon.
Four persons were arrested, reportedly belonging to the Manipur Revolutionary People's Front.
Six crew members were from the Arakan region of Myanmar.
The boat was heading toward Cox's Bazar in Bangladesh.
Until 1995 the LTTE maintained a base at Twante, an island off the coat of Myanmar, west of the Andaman islands.
Subsequently, Phuket became the LTTE's main backup base.
A Sri Lanka-born Tamil with a Norwegian passport was arrested by Thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the LTTE.
Over the past decade, Bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness.
Stretching 750 kilometers from end to end, they reach from near the coast of Myanmar almost to Sumatra in Indonesia.
He also writes for Aakrosh, India's defense-tied quarterly journal.
Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad.
Both India and Afghanistan deny the claim.
Nobody should feel a looser in Afghanistan,'' President Hamid Karzai told Pakistan's English daily The Nation.
Bush is reported to have asked a flustered Musharraf.
All three are extremist Taliban or their allies and known to be living in Pakistan.
Until then he had said Pakistan's options were open.
However Pakistani officials insist that the decision was unconnected to the tripartite meeting.
However there were visible signs of a crackdown on the Pakistan side.
Their removal should also provide increased motivation for Pakistan to help the return of moderate Taliban.
Afghan officials welcomed the appointment on October 3 of Lt. General Ashfaq Kiyani as the new ISI chief.
Karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan.
Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad.
Both India and Afghanistan deny the claim.
Senior US diplomats and military officials have warned India also.
Iran in particular feared that Qanooni would loose and then be politically isolated from the mainstream.
Qanooni refused to accept the Iranian advice as his fellow Panjsheri Tajiks urged him to stand against Karzai.
Afghan officials say the Americans have moved over 100 Special Forces and helicopters to Shindand.
However General Barno insists the US presence poses no threat to Iran.
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that's how we would like to keep it'', says Karzai.
Many Taliban living in Afghanistan voted for President Karzai.
But to address the substance of this Big Lie is to risk falling into its logic.
If some of John Kerry's wounds were superficial, Bush received no wounds.
He has clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in Iraq.
Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left Bush damaged goods.
Whether he was actually AWOL during this stint is unclear.
President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard.
NPR's Wade Goodwyn has this report about Mr. Bush's time on that campaign.
In 1972, Baba Groom was a smart, funny young woman smack-dab in the middle of an exciting US Senate campaign.
Groom was Republican Red Blount's scheduler, and in that job, she was the hub in the campaign wheel.
Ask her about the handsome young man from Texas, and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday.
It was a Texas accent.
GOODWYN: The candidate Mr. Bush was working for, Red Blount, had gotten rich in Alabama in the construction business.
Prominent Southern Republicans were something of a rare breed in those days.
Blount's support of the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon's postmaster general.
In Washington, Blount became friends and tennis partners with Mr. Bush's father, then Congressman Bush.
That was how 26-year-old Lieutenant Bush came to Montgomery, at his father's urging . . .
It was Mr. Bush's job to organize the Republican county chairpersons in the 67 Alabama counties.
Back in 1972 in the Deep South, many rural counties didn't have much in the way of official Republican Party apparatus.
But throughout Alabama, there were Republicans and Democrats who wanted to help Red Blount.
Groom says this job helped Mr. Bush understand how even in a statewide Senate campaign, politics are local.
Archibald says that in a campaign full of dedicated workers, Mr. Bush was not one of them.
Mr. MURPH ARCHIBALD (Nephew of Red Blount): Well, I was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings.
Ordinarily, George would come in around noon; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening.
GOODWYN: Murph Archibald says that at first, he didn't know that Mr. Bush was serving in the Air National Guard.
After he found out from somebody else, Archibald attempted to talk to Mr. Bush about it.
The president was a lieutenant and Archibald had been a lieutenant, too; he figured they had something to talk about.
Mr. ARCHIBALD: George didn't have any interest at all in talking about the military.
In fact, when I broached the subject with him, he simply changed the subject.
GOODWYN: Far from Texas and Washington, DC, Mr. Bush enjoyed his freedom.
Mr. ARCHIBALD: People have different ways of starting the days in any office.
GOODWYN: Archibald says the frequency with which Mr. Bush discussed the subject was off-putting to him.
Mr. ARCHIBALD: I mean, at that time, I was 28; George would have been 25 or 26.
Archibald, a middle-class Alabama boy--who, by the way, is now a registered Democrat--didn't like that story.
Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom didn't remember George telling drunk stories.
But that means nothing, since they weren't the sort of things guys like Bush told the "girls".
He was trying to buddy with Archibald and impress him.
Our world is in crisis and our Republic is in danger.
Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists, it was feared yesterday.
The 99-tonne cache of AK47s was to have been secretly flown out from a US base in Bosnia.
Orders for the deal to go ahead were given by the US Department of Defense.
It follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq's police and army instead went to al-Qaeda .
Amnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore said: "It's unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles.
American defence chiefs hired a US firm to take the guns, from the 90s Bosnian war, to Iraq.
A NATO spokesman said: "There's no tracking mechanism to ensure they don't fall into the wrong hands.
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom, and yes , it's one of Victor Bout's .
Meanwhile, a decision's been reached in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson.
SNAP is right in part.
Then, of course, there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case...
Personally I don't give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled.
In the Warren Jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband.
I suppose that it's damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with gullible idiots.
As the leaders like to boast, the Mujahedeen is a family affair.
Family visits were allowed on Thursday nights and Fridays.
Many of the children were sent to Mujahedeen schools, particularly in France.
The Rajavis, Afshari went on to say, ''saw these kids as the next generation's soldiers.
Jimmy Plant, Blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money.
That's all I know; I've had nothing to do with it.
Bush successfully makes Satan look good in comparison.
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom, and yes, it's one of Victor Bout's.
The wikipedia entry for Aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it....
What about Manson's tees bearing the message, "Kill your parents".
And were the Columbine killers acting out this "real morality" when they indescriminately murdered their classmates.
I think the jury's still out on exactly who did the brainwashing when in regard to the Columbine killers.
The Kevin Coogan publication posted on the previous thread might serve as a good launching point for further discussion.
The answer is likely D: all of the above, due to this being a complex reality we live in.
In January 1998 Fabio Tollis and Chiara Marino, both just 16, disappeared.
During this search, Michele Tollis became convinced that satanism had something to do with his son's disappearance.
Yeah, I think Jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several months: "To hell with death".
I wholly agree, and would expand that statement to include: "To hell with death metal".
And for 'Smartwolf' above, think about the inversion principle being employed.
The German Expressionist movement was destroyed as a result.
Nordau was also the co founder of the World Zionist Organization.
My point is that these are all just questions and I am undecided as to the answers.
John Balance from Coil.
Reporting from the town where Susan Polk's trial is going on.
Lo and behold, the Mormons were there with a booth.
Two young men delivering information about the Mormon genealogy program.
I can't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI.
I'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger won't let me in today...but sign me TroubleFunk.
A bit of a knee-jerk reaction from me there, and I apologize for my over-generalizations.
I just get hung up on 'Christians', as they're the dominant form where I come from.
It boggles the mind that ANYONE can take at face value Bush's claims to be a christian, yet many seem to do just that.
I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old 'Rock-N-Roll made them do it' argument.
Thanks again to my friend Nick Keck for passing this along via e-mail.
It is the text of a speech given by an Arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi-nation corporation.
I have never been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged information.
I could have shared with you some fascinating facts and some personal thoughts about the Israeli-Arab conflict.
However, I will touch upon it only in passing.
Yes, there is a 100 year-old Israeli-Arab conflict, but it is not where the main show is.
The millions who died in the Iran-Iraq war had nothing to do with Israel.
Saddam Hussein did not invade Kuwait, endanger Saudi Arabia and butcher his own people because of Israel.
Egypt did not use poison gas against Yemen in the 60's because of Israel.
Assad the Father did not kill tens of thousands of his own citizens in one week in El Hamma in Syria because of Israel.
The Taliban control of Afghanistan and the civil war there had nothing to do with Israel.
The Libyan blowing up of the Pan-Am flight had nothing to do with Israel, and I could go on and on and on.
They have a land area larger than either the US or all of Europe.
The social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago.
The total number of scientific publications of 300 million Arabs is less than that of 6 million Israelis.
A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a World War, but we are already well into it.
Suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular, if I may use this expression, only lately.
Even after September 11, it seems that most of the Western World does not yet understand this weapon.
This has not yet penetrated the thinking of the Western World.
The U.S. and Europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder, not the next one.
Put a metal detector in front of every train station in Spain and the terrorists will get the buses.
No Moslem preacher has ever blown himself up.
No son of an Arab politician or religious leader has ever blown himself up.
The poorest region in the world, by far, is Africa.
There was certainly more despair in Saddam's Iraq than in Paul Bremmer's Iraq, and no one exploded himself.
You must go after the head of the "Family".
The United States understands this now, after September 11.
I am very much afraid that most of Europe still does not understand it.
Unfortunately, it seems that Europe will understand it only after suicide murders arrive in Europe in a big way.
The Spanish trains and the Istanbul bombings are only the beginning.
The unity of the Civilized World in fighting this horror is absolutely indispensable.
Until Europe wakes up, this unity will not be achieved.
It also does not prevent the Western press from giving credence, every day, even now, to similar liars.
After all, if you want to be an anti-Semite, there are subtle ways of doing it.
You do not have to claim that the holocaust never happened, and that the Jewish temple in Jerusalem never existed.
But millions of Moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case.
When these same leaders make other statements, the Western media report them as if they could be true.
I recommend to you, even though most of you do not understand Arabic, to watch Al Jazeera, from time to time.
She is called "martyr" by several Arab leaders and "activist" by the European press.
It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough, people will believe it.
These states, as well as the Palestinian Authority, are the safe havens of the wholesale murder vendors.
It is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the Moslem world, for the miseries of the region.
You meet their children in the best private schools in Europe, not in the training camps of suicide murderers.
Never in history, not even in the Nazi period, was there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now.
All of these happen daily in Iraq and in the Palestinian areas.
I leave it to you as homework to figure out what Spain or France would have done, in such a situation.
The picture I described here is not pretty.
Perhaps Sudan should be added to the list.
Iran is encircled by Afghanistan, by the Gulf States, Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former Soviet Union.
Syria is surrounded by Turkey, Iraq, Jordan and Israel.
It is not surprising that Iran is so active in trying to incite a Shiite uprising in Iraq.
I do not know if the American plan was actually to encircle both Iran and Syria, but that is the resulting situation.
In my humble opinion, the number one danger to the world today is Iran and its regime.
It has an ideology which claims supremacy over Western culture.
It has proven that it can execute elaborate terrorist acts without leaving too many traces, using Iranian Embassies.
Nevertheless, most European countries still trade with Iran, try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signals.
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq.
In the long run, Spain itself will pay even more.
We have seen it already in Algeria and, to a certain extent, in Turkey.
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest.
He had been captured the previous month in Rawalpindi, Pakistan.
In a bulletin, the FBI noted that the surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon.
The CIA reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot.
Mabruk, at the time, was the head of Jihad's military operations.
Others argue that he was to be part of a second wave of airliners directed to targets on the West Coast.
Al Qaeda's regional operative, Hambali, who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat, has been captured.
KSM and Hambali sent al-Hindi (al-Britani), along with Jafar the Pilot, to case NYC targets for a second wave.
It was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that Jafar the Pilot studied tourist helicopters in the NYC area.
Sufaat, according to both KSM and Hambali, did not have the virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used.
The islamist had been released from Egyptian prison and had known Zawahiri well for many years.
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest.
After the alert condition had long since returned to yellow, Zawahiri in late February issued another audiotape.
Zawahiri said that the US should expect another 9/11 on US soil.
At one time, some thought he had been spotted in Iran.
Wherever he is, authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef recruited.
Zawahiri, Al Qaeda's #2, is head of Al Qaeda's biochemical program.
The CIA has known of Zawahiri's plans to use anthrax for a half decade.
Al Qaeda had both the means and opportunity.
US-trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in January 2000.
Sufaat was a member of Al Qaeda and a member of Jemaah Islamiah ("JI").
JI has ties with the Moro Front.
Sufaat used his company called Green Laboratory Medicine to buy items useful to Al Qaeda.
The fellow was carrying papers from Zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate anthrax.
Sufaat was arrested in December 2001 upon his return to Malaysia.
Microbiologist Abdul Qadoos Khan was charged along with his son, Ahmed, for harboring the fugitives.
It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui, who has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology.
Understandably, Amerithrax is a confidential investigation.
The Pakistan ISI and CIA rarely grant press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhunt.
The CIA did not even allow the FBI access to KSM for 10 days after his arrest.
Her mother Ismat last saw Aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of March.
Aafia was on her way with her children to visit and uncle and a friend in Islamabad.
That was the last Ismat heard from her.
A senior DOJ official reports that Adnan has experience as a commercial pilot.
He is said by one FBI agent to be "very, very, very" dangerous.
He allegedly was at one or more meetings in the Summer of 2001 in Pakistan at which KSM and Sufaat were present.
The United States truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically-based preconceptions.
The hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in Afghanistan.
The lesion is further evidence of Al Qaeda's anthrax production program at Kandahar.
Iraq, however, remains a possible source of the Ames.
Zawahiri did travel to Baghdad in 1998 with an entourage to attend the birthday party of Saddam's son.
He has said that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax.
Those appropriations pale in comparison to the many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of Iraq.
Al Qaeda had a motive in mind.
The FBI's profile includes a US-based supporter of the militant islamists.
Attorney General Ashcroft explained that an "either-or" approach is not useful.
The islamists sent letter bombs in January 1997 to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington, D.C..
The former leader of the Egyptian Al-Gamaa al-Islamiya ("Islamic Group"), he was also a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda.
Abdel Rahman's son was captured in Quetta, Pakistan in mid-February 2003.
That arrest in turn led to the dramatic capture of Khalid Mohammed, Al Qaeda's #3.
Mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan.
Along with Zawahiri, Abdel Rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over Bin Laden.
The imprisoned WTC 1993 plotter Yousef was KSM's nephew.
There's even a chapter titled "Poisonous Letter" in the Al Qaeda manual.
The "Federal Eagle" stamp used in the anthrax mailings was a blue-green.
A FAQ on the Azzam Publications website explained that "In the Hearts of Green Birds" refers to what is inside.
The mailer's use of "Greendale School" as the return address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing.
Green symbolizes Islam and was the Prophet Mohammed's color.
Greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e., Cairo's Egyptian Islamic Jihad or the Islamic Group.
He traveled under an alias and was accompanied by a former US Army sergeant named Ali Mohammed.
Whatever your political persuasion, the FBI and CIA deserve our support.
Finally, the "Hatfill theory" seems to have been exhausted or at least lost public favor.
The "Hatfill theory" accusing Dr. Stephen Hatfill was always highly dubious.
A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas Kristof was dismissed in late November 2004.
The judge had agreed to delay the civil rights matter from proceeding until at least October 2004.
A search of Dr. Ken Berry's residences likely will prove just about the last gasp of a biodefense insider theory.
Typically, we receive both FX and inflation from you, but both curves may not always be used.
For now, this is the list of countries for which we will probably need the FX and/or inflation curves.
I will send the specifics per Andre later today.
Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night (5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30.
Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night (5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30.
Anne, Mike will call you regarding Sarah.
As I mentioned in my voice mail, Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody, a recent MBA grad from Rice, into his group.
However, when we were talking about this position, Mike compared Sara to Elena.
If the latter is the case, we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33-66K).
Martin's box is working wonderfully- I'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday.
This was (another) nice deal for Enron.
I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I don't have access to now.
However, with my natural long, I'm not looking to really trade around the position.
I believe ENE will continue to be range bound, but in case it is not, I don't want to forgo 50% of my option premium.
I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls to implement the stategy.
To that regards, I noticed I was not approved to sell naked calls.
I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options.
I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold.
I'm not sure that ENE @ 75 is the place, but maybe @ 73.
He just rescheduled to Wednesday.
Your buddy Beau invited me.
How about prior to that or after that on Tuesday.
Would dinner Thursday work instead.
How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time.
I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday.
How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time.
John Lavorato has requested the attached report.
He is concerned about the allocation amongst categories- in particular, Real Time Traders.
I would like to get this done ASAP.
I am reviewing the request for an employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean Laurent.
Let me know your thoughts....then I will run it by Oxley.
I think that this is for you since I don't know any of these people.
WHY: Today is John's last day at EBS.
This is NOT an Enron-sponsored event.
Essie and Leon have proposed xferring Co. 1691 to your world (see below).
Please let me know Monday morning.
If you have not already made these decisions, Essie's guidance should be helpful.
This entity is not in TIS, SAP, nor Hyperion.
Despite the name, this entity appears to be a MTM company.
Per September financials, this company has about $3M of MTM and about $8K of expenses, nothing else.
The next 5 companies were my responsibility while in EBS, and did not get assigned during the reorg.
Company is around with a small amount of assets and liabilities, but no I/S items.
I think this entity should stay with 83N.
So I suggest it be assigned to Leon.
This one should possibly be assigned to Networks & Services group.
I think this could go to either Holding/Administrative Companies (Same as 17H) or Network & Services (Leon).
Rolls up to Cherokee Finance VOF, a CFC.
Cherokee Finance VOF is assigned to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker).
It should be assigned to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker).
Essie and Leon have proposed xferring Co. 1691 to your world (see below).
Please let me know Monday morning.
If you have not already made these decisions, Essie's guidance should be helpful.
I was originally inquiring about purchasing a Cross or Signac impressionist lithograph.
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London, William Weston.
By the way the Lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent.
I have also purchased an Appel in the last month.
They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it.
For example, I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper.
At least that is what I am thinking now.
By the way, I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso (although we have 2) that your gallery had a couple of years ago.
It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about $20,000.
Huskers drool over Sooners.
Huskers rule, Sooners drool.
I may have to postpone again, I'll let you know later this morning.
I haven't even changed the wording after I first put it down.
Mark, I thought you would enjoy the comment about you.
I may have to postpone again, I'll let you know later this morning.
Too bad you won't make the Compaq thing, but maybe next year.
San Antonio, wow what a let down from the other cities.
I can recommend some good restaurants since I took Ric there last year for his birthday.
We stayed at the Menger and had a great time.
This Friday - Michael goes for a visit at St. Francis, which may be his new school (so far, so good).
Most Fridays I'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I'm away so much, which means leaving by 445 or so.
October 4, ENA orientation in the am.
Neil has a meeting in San Antonio (usually it is in Miami, San Francisco, Phoenix - not so great this year).
It is the officer's meeting for Enterprise, and spouses are invited.
This means we won't be in town for the Compaq thing.
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment.
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one.
I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet).
Forget the ONE or more contract questions.
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment.
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one.
I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet).
On the issue of the contracts, the draft says that the $170m is paid when the EPC contract is signed.
Hence, I think that we have to reference the manufacturer.
In order to mark any 2000 income, we will need to get CRRA to execute the Development Agreement in 2000.
In my opinion, we should show CRRA a copy of the LOI with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached.
I would actually send them the draft Development Agreement a couple days after the LOI.
Based on how CRRA reacts, I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI.
FYI, see below.
Yo Mama`s so fat ....
Your mama is so fat: When she hauls ass she has to make two trips.
Yo mama`s so fat, instead of Levis 501 jeans, she wears Levi`s 1002`s.
Yo mama`s so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down.
Expect a call from Paul tonight.
I told him I told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say.
He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality.
All the guys at work are saying I shouldn't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one.
Don't take that deal out until I look at it.
I think it is mine but I forgot to write it in the blue FX book (I only wrote it in my red book).
He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then.
You should reply ASAP.
Don't make Peters and Co. wait.
I didn't get a chance to talk to Paul today.
Will you please run a June NX3/NX1 for our book.
Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss (gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend).
Paul is out of the office today so I haven't had a chance to talk to him.
I'll send it as soon as you resond wether I should or not.
Attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X (NWP and PGT).
Ryan Watt says high.
Late Jan sounds great.
I believe that these are three weekends in a row, January 6, 13 and 20th.
So the last weekend in January would work well (and I will need a rest from formal affairs!).
She has some big presentation mid-January.
How does late January sound to you.
On the means of delivery, I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent.
My commitment to Rick Causey is that I will have that global report in production by the end of the year.
Shona has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this, and I believe that Mike has already been working with James New.
So I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against.
I have been interrupted 20 times while responding, so I hope that it makes sense.
Since you asked for input, I hope that you don't mind that I gave you some.
Steve, I noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21% year on year (ie) $13.9M from $11.5M.
I just wanted Sue to hear (she enjoys utility bashing so much).
Scott Miller has been a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is.
I apologize if I offended anyone.
Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large, regulated utility in California.
IT still cannot commit to transferring messages across domains.
WebLogic is required by BackWeb, although it is designed by a separate company.
HR, intended to be a key user of this tool, will not use BackWeb because survey responses cannot be made anonymous.
HR has already purchased a tool called CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous surveys.
The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative, but they lack commercial sponsorship.
Erin Rice and I would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning BackWeb before we proceed.
As you can see from the Design Document, they are pretty significant.
Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday, Nov. 9th.
They are invoicing for this and I don't have an invoice for it.
Ok to book for me and my husband, Joseph.
I was issued a new corporate American Express card.
Otherwise, I will assume you will book the two tickets.
They are invoicing for this and I don't have an invoice for it.
Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May.
The only difference we had was for package V02.
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad.
Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May.
The only difference we had was for package V02.
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad.
My trader is supporting her price of SJ Bondad GDP rather than SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May.
The only difference we had was for package V02.
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad.
Please quote the Gas on an Indexed Basis.
I have not had the patience to get it working-I will callyou some evening and we can walk thru it.
Did dthat stuff form Joe help your car.
YesShe is having physical theraphy 3 times a week.
Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are about to get much busier too.
Jared, Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning.
If no one objects, I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow.
Yes maam, she's UBS now.
I didn't remember if your email mentioned Judy.
Jared, Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning.
If no one objects, I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow.
OK, I never get to talk to Ruth because SHE IS ALWAYS ON THE PHONE.
Our last call was Iris Kind, Bill Savier(sp?), and Jeff Davis.
I'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ENA tabs agreement.
The rate schedule on Tennessee should be either NET-2 or NET-284.
I won't find out until Monday.
You review and approve it, keep it on your desk, and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday.
Then I'll take it to Ed for his approval.
By the way, Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray.
Per our conversation a few minutes ago, attached please find the revised Stipulation.
Barbara Walters did a story on gender roles in Kuwait several years before the Gulf War.
She returned to Kuwait recently and observed that the men now walked several yards behind their wives.
Ms. Walters approached one of the women and said, "This is marvelous.
YOU REALLY DO NOT HAVE TO GO.
I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT GOING ON WITH YOU AND THE LITTLE WOMAN.
I CAN HANDLE THE TRACTOR.
YOU HAVE A LOT ON YOU PLATE, DAD.
I didn't feel guilty about the garage sale, that's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR.
So I'm going with you, I pay for the gas and the twinkies.
Jack welch is the CEO of GE, not GM.
We recently asked you to create an eSpeak "wish list" for us.
Your fellow employees asked for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush.
In all, we received requests for 61persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event.
Here are the top ten most requested eSpeakers.
Everybody needs a little help now and then, even eSpeak.
Friday is a bad day (Performance Review Committee all day).
We can meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown (Smith Street).
I shall spend an entire day at PRC (performance review) on Friday, July 7.
I'll still be here in Boston so we'd do it over the phone.
We're all set for 2:30 on July 12.
Wednesday, July 12, 2:300 will work for me.
Good to hear from you and I'm glad you're available.
I did look at EOL and am not surprised to see its quality.
I was unable to say much about it in my Risk Electricity Hedging and Trading report because of deadline pressures.
If we have time next week, I could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com.
What about Wednesday, July 12, between 1:30 and 4:00.
Currently Cargill and Enron have a 15MM collateral threshold.
If possible, I think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz.
We would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreement.
The line in the POA is a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral.
We too, are open to suggestion as the Global and Enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us.
We could change the language of the POA to this...
Please let me know... we are eager to keep trading with Global and yourselves...
Attached for your review is a blacklined version of the: (a) Schedule and (b) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master Agreement.
Hope you enjoyed your weekend in Houston.
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product.
The Base Currency Amount shall equal the volume submitted by the Counterparty via the Website.
The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website.
The Settlement date shall be the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website.
The price is quoted in JPY (the 'Foreign Currency') per US Dollar (the 'Base Currency').
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars.
I need to have a form filled out that says I don't have health insurance coverage through Enron.
Tuesday, March 20th.
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday.
I hope you don't change your mind about going to the wedding Sunday.
I plan on taking Michael to the new Star Wars exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts.
They showed some kids on TV, and they were quite taken with it.
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday.
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday.
FYI - See rows 49-53; columns E-J for our group.
The ones that I made changes to are in red.
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier.
Please review the attached org chart for March and submit any changes by noon tomorrow.
Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico.
I do not think the prior e-mail got through to Kay.
I now understand that someone at ENA/Enron Mexico/Enron Wholesale has signed an EPC contract with ABB for this project.
I am not in the office today, so please include Renee Alfaro on your response.
Sounds as though Eric has done very well as SMSU.
I am also delighted to hear that he will continue his education working toward an MBA.
They met while they were both working on a project as lawyers in Buenos Aires.
They're currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will be moving from Buenos Aires to Miami, Florida.
This past Thursday night our sixth grandchild was born.
It was born to our son David and his wife Courtney.
I am looking forward to seeing Ginger "Rees" Copeland when she comes to Houston.
I would be delighted to arrange tickets for you and your family should you ever have occasion to visit Houston.
Thank you for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conference.
Unfortunately, do to Mr. Lay's schedule he will not be able to participate.
I want to check with Mr. Lay before confirming.
As you know, our next meeting is on Wednesday, July 12 from 3:00-5:30 p.m.
Ken Lay would like to have the Armada M306 series - "the first ultra portable notebook designed for the enterprise".
Thanks, Kitty.
Here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market, I will follow up with the consumer models.
The M300 series are the lightest and the E500's are the all in one but much heavier.
Unfortunately, Mr. Lay will be in San Jose, CA participating in a conference, where he is a speaker, on June 14.
This is a "test email send" of the WPO Forum Group from Richard Everett.
NOTE: The information in this email is confidential and may be legally privileged.
Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report for Cindy Olson.
I'll take TCO pool at Index and sale Leach or Pool at Index - $.04.
Please check Tenn contract 36647 on the Demand speadsheet.
Had 33,000 miles, Ram 2500 3/4 ton, 4 x 4, 360 Magnum Motor.
Oh, it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with Flow Masters to accent the sound.
Now, Debbie wants it.
It is very clean and is Sandalwood, Driftwood or something of that nature in color.
I have to pick up old gray over at Jerry's.
I said Yep, had that truck longer than I have had most of my women.
I am doing dirt work and hope to plant ST Augustine Grass by Friday before rain.
Dow Stock is back up over $33.
Needs to go to $41 and then I will be happy.
I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad's place.
She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how much it pays.
Cindy said Jaime has grown up very much.
You should have listened to Maw, as long as you keep your mouth shut and your pants zipped, you will be alright.
Oh, Jeff Sherrar has a new book out.
Rise to Rebellion.
I am half way through the first and you can borrow it when I am through.
After the split Dow Stock there are 120 shares.
Last thing, send me a million dollars, I'm tired of working.
I thought we only had cashout, at most 3 times, before this June.
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year.
I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico.
I believe that Doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced.
Hey Ernie.
I sent this to Mary last week.
I need prices for May, June, and July.
Please do me a favour and give me the subject price for Jan, Feb, Mar and Apr 2001.
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights.
Otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later.
I know that Jeff is in Portland.
If Jeff is happy, I'm happy.
I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rights.
However, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests.
Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written.
Otherwise, I will be sending it to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning.
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights.
Since it will be Janet signing, it will probably be better to have the initials on the pages first.
Otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later.
I know that Jeff is in Portland.
If Jeff is happy, I'm happy.
I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rights.
However, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests.
Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written.
Otherwise, I will be sending it to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning.
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights.
Maybe we (Enron) could review it tomorrow morning, then send it to FCE.
We had a nice Thanksgiving here too.
We played a new version of Uno called "African Uno" that was complex, fast and at times, physically challenging.
It was incredible what a good player Alena was.
I expect Craig didn't want Mom to see his place because it was messy.
Then, also, he's got so much stuff in there right now, that I don't know how he's going to fit baby stuff.
And his apartment is so run down down I'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby.
I guess Mom is going to come back down sometime in March or April to see the new baby.
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes, if he was thrilled to hear from me I couldn't tell by his voice.
But, I guess, it's a start...
I've already made my XMAS plans.
Ma said she had a great time in Houston, She was happy to see yourself, as well as C & D.
You can take my assistant Taffy Milligan off these emails again.
Attached are the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP responses marked in Red.
Let me know if the notice information is OK with you.
If so, I'll get it signed by Craig Breslau today, then bring it to you for countersignature.
Sara and Bill Bradford in Credit are supposed to talk to the DB Credit people about this remaining issue.
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey, another paralegal in our Group.
Sorry I haven't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated.
I am indeed checking on flights to Seoul and don't think I'm going to go at exactly the same time as my parents.
As much fun as they are, I figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them.
As for Ted, things are still going well although I haven't see him at all this week (we are two very busy people).
Anyway, I'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well.
Hopefully, if we're still dating come December, you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit.
Things in Houston are good and definitely warm.
I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical "Rent" and it was wonderful.
Also, I'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit Hoot's daughter Julie.
Needless to say I am very excited.
A little birdie told me that you were checking into tickets for Seoul.
Let us know the latest with Ted and also with what's going on in Houston.
Send instant messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger.
The play was very good and I think well received.
I'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY.
Anyway, I'm sure I'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl.
Kori told me she saw you last night at Steak Night and introduced herself since I failed to do so the last time we went.
I ran into Corey last night at LWs and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren.
Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier...
AAAAAGGGHHHHHH...
I just found out that I need to take the TX drivers exam both written and on the rode.
This is a two day process and all because I let my CA license expire.
I know I need some of your organizational skills.
I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 (I better not fail it).
Jann, phoned this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group, concerning Bobby Riggins.
Keep Bobby, his team members and their families in your prayers.
We are thinking of adding a Patent Pending message to key EnronOnline pages (like the homepage).
Michael and myself are planing to be in Hoston on Thursday and Friday of this week.
We intend to see as many people as possible regarding EOL implementation.
We will meet Dave Forster and his team among others.
They wish to launch on Sept. 1 - meaning we will need to be sending mailings sometime around mid-August.
I might also add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading form.
To make matters even more confusing, there are two Mark Taylors.
I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI (based in London).
Unfortunately, I can't forward your message to him directly (there seems to be a problem with the attachment).
Enclosed is a worksheet for Ineos Acrylics.
Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US.
Note that the credit thresholds are in US$, but the MACS are designated in British Pounds.
Please send the draft to Troy Black and he will forward to the CP.
I left you a voice mail on Friday.
Attached are Uecomm's final comments to the Master Agreement.
John Suttle has OK'd Anthony's latest request w/r.t. the CSA.
If they're OK with it, we'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections.
Please find attached the Enron Master Agreement.
I have inserted the company details of Uecomm as requested.
I have also amended the timeframes in the Credit Support Annex to 10 days instead of 2 days.
Conference Call with ConEd at 1:00 today in Sara's office - EB3801A.
Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V.
Here's info on the Elliotts.
We've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the "Babies Elliott" had arrived.
Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size, and that Mom is doing well.
These three little ones don't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad, but I'm sure they'll find out soon.
Hannah May - 12.48 pm - 3 lbs 15 ozs.
Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you.
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite or me with any questions or comments.
I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing, Inc. for our review.
Any credit concerns can be discussed with Dennis Goldmann, who can be reached at 315-460-3349.
Thanks, I know you are busy.
I am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message.
Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now.
I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue.
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608.
The liq value for the call is CORRECT.
Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now.
I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue.
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608.
The liq value for the call is CORRECT.
I've booked Videoconference Room # 1.
Please let me know whether or not you can attend so I can order enough food.
The Toronto office will be video conferenced in.
Attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week.
Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard.
We need responses or direction by no later than COB on Monday, October 30, 2000.
I'll believe it when I see it.
Seems like a good idea to keep the heat on Hoecker & Co.right up until Nov. 1.
Let's regroup on Monday.
I'll be in Portland but can call you.
FYI, we had an instructive rest of the conference call on Friday with Sue and Robbie et al.
They indicated they could use Steve's help face to face at some point.
We await approval on the final tariff language and can then file at the CPUC.
Yes, I would like to participate.
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon.
Have distributed to Western GA team (plus Steffes) for comment and thought you may have some, too.
The FERC order tomorrow is likely to alter the points somewhat.
As we discussed yesterday, Laird and I spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for Thursday.
We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week.
My flight gets into S.D. at at 8:35 on southwest.
Sandi sez it's actually happening at 10 AM and it's renewable-focused.
As you know, the suffix ONLINE is purely descriptive and now used by many companies.
I'm @ X37047.
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00.
The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the Nat Gas futures contract.
It would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend.
BC Gas won't sign the confirms with the rep in, and this has caused much difficulties.
I am going to count it as signed, since BC Gas has signed, but we still need it to be signed by ECC.
Can you get it signed ASAP and back to me.
We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade, Inc. dated March 2, 2000.
I didn't either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up.
When you have a minute, I'll give me a call and I'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel.
I communicated that to Bob Bowen.
He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business.
Torrey, as promised I have attached ARCO's suggested revisions to the Enron online trading agreement.
We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999.
This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master.
Confirmation Desk: you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now.
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/9/00.
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00.
I'll need to talk to you about his Monday.
Please note Credit has no EOL responses for 3/10/00.
Please find attached the most recent update for Merchanting Metals.
Several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals business.
The uncertainty generated by the revocation of AA's signoff for the facility late in the year end audit.
The senior IT developer for Merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave.
The AR/AP SAP data quality reviews for both businesses are continuing so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end Q1.
I also plan on retaking the GMAT test.
If you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program.
I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test.
It has been a pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program.
I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test.
Also, I would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an Energy-Finance Private Equity Fund at UT.
I know that with my industry-wide and investment banking contacts that I can help raise capital for the fund.
It has been a pleasure to meet with you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.
Sorry about that, I was working on the Teco O&M costs.
This stream should be covering both P&I and not just principal.
This enables RAC to manage the associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately.
Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on.
That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we can figure out a solution.
Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year, that I have not been able to review yet.
This cost is averaging $79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September.
If there are any objections you need to get back to me ASAP.
In discussion with Dave, we thought it would be good to put this together in a format of questions and answers.
However, as you will see, the questions I thought of got kinda long- but I think we need answers for all of them.
One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as I've listed.
It incorporates Mr. Stojic's and Mr. Kelly's initial comments.
Please approve Susan's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc: to me.
Please approve Susan's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc: to me.
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, however).
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41.
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, however).
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41.
I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that MKM's spies intercepted.
She forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan and discussed it with him.
The meeting is being held in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future Forum.
Board members are also invited to join in the substantive session of the DISCO Forum on Thursday, September 13.
However, we have reserved a block of rooms at the nearby Wyndham Hotel.
To reserve one of these rooms, you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group.
We will be making the Wyndham rooms available to members of the DISCO Forum on July 20.
We are looking forward to seeing you on September 12.
If so, I will handle it.
Thanks Jim.
We are receiving invoices from Ace Federal Reporters for transcripts of the recent FERC settlement conferences.
Linda Robertson says they should be charged to Jim Steffes' cost center, etc.
A revised version of the Evaluation form for Associates and Analysts is attached below.
Please use the attached for Associate and Analyst evaluations.
All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts must be completed using this form.
We have been successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and Ercot and seeking resolution.
Doug and I met with the Chairman of PUCT and have had subsequent conversations.
Thane and I also visited with him.
Pat Wood made a phone call to Tom Noel and told him to get the Texas market fixed.
Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens (of the Texas legislature) are also engaged in market developments.
We have been working with the State Affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised.
There is an Electric Restructuring Committee hearing scheduled for September 6th or 7th.
Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot's Sam Jones and Tom Noel.
Now that Sibley is not a candidate for Lt. Governor, there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions.
Thane is in Austin on Friday, but is available by phone.
I will be on a plane to Houston at 8:00 a.m.
Thane is in an Ercot PRS meeting Friday from 9:30 until 3:00.
You are right, we do need a formal plan, Thane has started an initial draft.
As important, the new PUCT Commissioners need some help right now in messaging the market.
Jean and Thane, I think that we need a FORMAL PLAN on what to do over the next 3 - 6 months to leverage this situation.
I would like to discuss this with you on Friday am.
I am free at 8am on Friday before Rick's budget meeting.
You may want to discuss with Becky.
Please, let me know if you interested in introducing Peter to executives in your organization.
I enjoyed your presentation, and meeting you briefly afterwards, at the SIAM Workshop last Friday.
Please consider whether I might fit in your group.
Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of the skills you look for.
Sorry I guess I didn't read it very well.
Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment.
I will be completing my tour of duty in Bolivia in September of this year.
I am talking to a number of people regarding opportunities for a new assignment back in Houston office.
Thought since I will be in Houston, stop by your office for few minutes.
I will be in Houston on May 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if possible.
Please see the message from Danny Jones.
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department.
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department.
We would like to pursue an offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next Executive Committee meeting on May 7, 2001.
This is to advise you that we have available, for your business or personal use, Stan's four (4) WNBA Comets tickets.
These seats are in Section 104, Row D, Seats 1-4.
Since Debbie is a client too, I think I'll just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise.
Video: Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.
Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Bill Dorsey.
Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments.
With divisions, EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID.
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.
There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK.
Best Rgds.
Please approve the following product type in Datamanager after 11:00 p.m.
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date (or start date) to the Termination Date (or end date).
The Effective Date (or start date) is 01 Oct 2001.
The Termination Date (or end date) is 31 Oct 2001.
The Transaction is for hot rolled steel with a thickness of 1" and a width of 72 inches.
The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago, Ill Metro Area.
Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a Dispatch Period.
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency.
We informed Tana that we made the change in Global Counterparty to include, "a division of Cargill Incorporated".
We will meet in the near future to discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups in Global Counterparty.
If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct, it looks to me like something needs to be changed.
The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty.
That is the source of Tana's concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system.
Cargill Ferrous International is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty System as a Division of Cargill, Inc.
Best Rgds.
Yes, GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
This defeats the purpose of using a Tradename.
Best Rgds.
With divisions, EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID.
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.
There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK.
Best Rgds.
I'll be in town through Sunday morning.
I'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning.
I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher, as well, just to make sure it is handled.
I will take you next one in August.
When: Wednesday, September 19, 2001 10:30 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada); Tijuana.
Here is the overview of Bob Henderson's Employment Agreement.
Please send me an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he's written.
After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to Dealbench.
Here are the sample Agreements.
I agree also, but I don't know all the parties or complications involved.
We have GIS ids, and Eid (external id - just like GIS id).
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer.
Through TV and newspapers , I hear constantly about identity fraud using stolen social security information.
For example, I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number.
We could use our badge number there instead of our SS.
Please let me know how your organization can help the Enron employees feel safer about the safeguard of their SS number.
Thursday, 23rd August 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm (EB46C1).
Upon receipt, I shall forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate.
Shanna, I spoke with Per tonight about this.
This is the background to my conversation with Shanna.
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow.
I did not hear back from Shanna or Sharon Butcher.
John, Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions.
I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request.
Jeff Skilling has agreed to work with Harvard Business School (HBS) on a 5-year case study called 'Modern Giants'.
FYI re: NEPCO picketing issues.
We understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket the Lake Worth, Florida project as well.
In that respect, we need to dial in Rick Johnson and Olgletree to plan and communicate that plan to the execution team.
I think the first step is a call between yourself, me, Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero.
Barbara, please organize a call for Mike, Michelle, Mark Stubley and me.
Apparently the City informed them that no permit is required.
I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today.
Mike Indivero, I understand that Mr. Mike Croall's release date from NEPCO is Oct 31, 2001.
I would like both Lynn and I to participate.
I assume we should come over EB.
Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers.
I will be in Sao Paulo from Sept 20-22 and Buenos Aires from Sept 23-24.
In Brazil, I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers.
In BA, I'll be meeting with Marval lawyers.
NOTICE: This message is confidential.
I am waiting to hear about a possible call Friday morning.
If something happens that I'm not able to participate I'll let you know.
This call has been changed to 3 pm (Houston time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo time).
The draft you received has been approved by Dan.
The conference call has been rescheduled for Friday, Sept. 17 at 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo).
I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading.
Other "guidelines" exist in limited form for the remote offices in Singapore and Australia.
I am checking on London.
Let me know how I can help further.
It looks like the 2-day L/C issue is an issue.
He faxed it to you and will have the original Fedexed overnight.
S&S has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording.
Call if you have questions or if I can be of any help.
I'm fine in Texas, still hanging out with Phoebe and Chloe, working hard, etc.
This weekend I'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business.
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the London traders.
I'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow.
Sara, here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas, UK power and Nordic power.
As these guidelines need to be approved by Houston, I am copying this to Mark, Alan and Jeff.
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the London traders.
I'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow.
I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday, September 20, 1999.
Thank you for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays.
Note that this communication is confidential, covered by CA's settlement rules.
Attached is PG&E's Gas Accord II (GA II) Settlement Proposal.
Finally, please note that the Settlement document and the Attachment are in "Word 2000" format.
We would be glad to provide the same documents in an earlier version of Word, upon request by individual Parties.
We look forward to seeing you on January 10-11.
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings.
Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf.
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST).
The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST).
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings.
Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf.
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST).
The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST).
In general, we should not be overly prescriptive at this point and I know you agree with that.
Otherwise, I think you have captured the points excellently.
OBSERVATION--The pressure to finger somebody for "price gouging" is increasing.
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out.
And Carl Wood's remarks were extreme.
On the positive side, the FERC commissioners lauded Wolak, his analysis, and his remarks on the panel.
IMPLICATION--It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered.
In which case, the only cost to Enron is the internal cost incurred to understand better the risks of getting fingered.
You're right, Sue.
Due to business reasons, previously scheduled interviewers from the Penn team have had to cancel their participation.
Currently, I need three interviewers for Thursday, March 1st and one interviewer for Friday, March 2nd.
Please don't mention my NY trip to anyone.
Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25-27 API Gravity and 1.5-2.0% sulfur.
Plans are to build a private pipeline to Equilon's West Delta #143 platform and then bring the oil onshore.
Peggy is finding out where WD #143 pumps to onshore.
The floating could be tied to a Platt's index or the NYMEX.
Please address, and I'll check with Legal as well.
The position is with the EES MMC EAST department / WHOLESALE, RETAIL & COMM, ENRON ENERGY SERVICES.
It was posted on Dec. 11, but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet, it is open.
I'm not sure how I would have handled it.
I couldn't say no...so Nicki (the little girl-10 yrs. old) and I waited for the bus.
On top of things, I had quiz at 8am.
Which I then realized I missed.
I decided that Nicki would just have to wait on her own.
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her, but I couldn't do it.
Finally, I told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school (8:30am).
And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe.
Please send the memo to the EGM business heads as well.
Actually, Jen has volunteered for the afternoon session.
The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately.
We are planning this event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.
I am asking that you forward this note to any potential interviewers (Managers or above).
Attached please find a sample short form (for the Con Ed market) for your review.
I will start up again in mid-July...
I have faxed to you the form of Bond, our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master.
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable.
In addition to my other comments on the Mid Market Power Form, I think you should add a forward contract rep.
Once we agree on the list, we can sign the EEI Master.
Just let me know and I can send you a new attachment.
I think Valerie Mooney (our credit person) and Ed Sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the LOC format.
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet.
It is Enpower No. 295870.
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet.
It is Enpower No. 295870.
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet.
It is Enpower No. 295870.
It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally.
With respect to the Guaranty, I will delete the Schedule.
Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar.
It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language.
We hope to execute this Agreement this week.
Our in-service date is May 1.
Thanks, Kim.
Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar.
It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language.
We hope to execute this Agreement this week.
Paul and Judy are on board.
Janell and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to Janell's broken leg.
John, sorry for the late response, but I think you can implement immediately.
I just couldn't remember if it was you or Terry.
Thanks, Kim.
The new Hotline phone number is 713-853-3044.
I was under the impression that Terry Kowalke had notified you of the implementation, TK was also made aware.
John, sorry for the late response, but I think you can implement immediately.
No hurry, I was just wondering.
Attached is the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the Browncover report.
Let's talk before I leave town next Wednesday.
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday.
See you Sunday.
The in-service date of May 1, will be very difficult to attain.
We have worked with Daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone.
Will confirm testing schedule and delivery dates with UltraSonic ASAP.
Our in-service date is May 1.
I apologize, I'm on the road and haven't heard when that will be.
I'm thinking that I may want to attend.
If you haven't heard, SoCal's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs.
Electricity: A panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the ISO president.
Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor felt "betrayed" by the actions of Winter.
ISO spokesman Gregg Fishman said Dunn's committee will find no criminal conduct.
The decision was made by ISO upper management with one goal in mind: to keep the lights on.
At the time, generators were refusing to sell power in California because of the price caps.
What followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis.
Prices for electricity jumped from an average of $249 a megawatt to $700 a megawatt within three days, ISO records show.
Robinson said the filing - granted two hours after the request - helped rather than hurt Californians.
Smutney-Jones also said he was unaware of anyone in the power-generating community being consulted.
The ISO board called an emergency meeting the next week demanding Winter explain his actions.
What Dunn's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired.
He believes memos and e-mails around the time of Winter's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues.
We should resurrect Mike Smith's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one.
I'll leave to Steve to structure the deal.
As I recall, Montavano, Shapiro and I usually make up one team, but I'm willing to switch around a bit.
In the three years I have been here, I am unaware of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company.
If so, please contact Michelle.
We sued Houston Casualty last year but I don't recall making any bad faith claims.
Not when I was there, but I wasn't there the whole time.
Address this to Robin Gibbs for my signature.
As I mentioned, please let me know when it is ready, and I will send someone to pick it up.
Also, remind me of Patterson's email, so I can harass him directly.
Hope your pre Chanukah planning is going well.
As you can tell from the time of my e-mail, I am getting crushed.
As of today, we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000.
The attached letter is being sent to you from Patricia Gillman.
As of today, we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000.
Here are the revised dates for the response/reply/and hearing dates for Enron's motion to compel.
Call to discuss the response to the Trustee's settlement offer.
Talked to Craig and the Court today.
The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2p.m.
The trustee's oppositon papers are now due Nov 27 and Enron reply is due Dec 1.
I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested.
Thanks, Richard.
I'll send a copy of the suit filed against the generators as soon as I get it.
OK, perhaps it was inevitable.
WHAT: Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time.
UCAN's executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer questions about the complaint.
We are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the UCAN web site later today.
These are the people who keep Jerry springer on the air.
And you might think by reading this I blame the kids.....
Not so, Kids are what kids are and will do what they do.
This is the insidious conspiracy I call "Mommism".
Seeing another "Columbia" incident can be quite frightening (I woke up to it early in the morning when I was in Texas).
The other is a new fuel tank "guaranteed" by NASA not to shed potentially fatal hunks of insulation.
NASA has some PR hurdles to overcome in the future.
One Simple Idea.
One Huge Opportunity.
Agel introduces an entirely new category of products called Gelceuticals.
This proprietary Gel Suspension technology makes possible single serving packets of Gelceuticals.
The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it.
The call will feature a host of other field leaders, and our founder and CEO, Glen Jensen.
Kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by Shrii Shrii A'nandamu'rti.
Kaoshikii comes from the Sanskrit word 'kosa' meaning shell or layer of mind.
The bear dwarfed the 6-foot-1 Mr. Parenteau, knocking him to the ground, he said.
Again Dr. Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape.
Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon, however, were bleeding badly.
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River.
Dr. Fortier travelled another three kilometres by foot to seek help in the nearest settlement.
Dr. Fortier was one of 15 people to receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday.
Mr. Crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart.
The award comes with a $3,500 (U.S.) grant.
It was the favorite fruit of founder Steve Jobs.
It is short for San Francisco.
This name was formed by using COMp, for computer, and PAQ to denote a small integral object.
The name was derived from the founder's name Dr.Michael Cowpland.
It stands for COwpland REsearch Laboratory.
It was originally named 'Googol', a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros.
Founder Jack Smith got the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the world.
It was initially referred to as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasing.
Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from 'The Lotus Position' or 'Padmasana'.
Kapor used to be a teacher of Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.
Coined by Bill Gates to represent the company that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware.
Originally christened Micro-Soft, the '-' was removed later on.
Founder Paul Galvin came up with this name when his company started manufacturing radios for cars.
The popular radio company at the time was called Victrola.
Larry Ellison and Bob Oats were working on a consulting project for the CIA (Central Intelligence Agency).
The project was designed to help use the newly written SQL code by IBM.
The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world.
They kept the name Oracle and created the RDBMS engine.
Founded by 4 Stanford University buddies, SUN is the acronym for Stanford University Network.
The word was invented by Jonathan Swift and used in his book 'Gulliver's Travels'.
Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and DavidFilo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos...
Im really looking forward to Guild Wars.
Anyway, I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events.
Oh well, I'll get it when it comes out in Febuary.
BUT they stated that they will take as long as it takes to work out all the bugs so who really know how long.
Check out the Guild Wars Web site at for more info about the game.
I can't imagine them not being able to meet the Feb 05 deadline.
Warm greetings to all in this GW community.
I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars.
If you paste this in your browser, it will take you directly to our GW website.
P.S. - I am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause.
But my father's former Iraqi business partner remained in control of the republic of Iraq and its petroleum reserves.
Without the funds from our 1991 partners, we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within Iraq.
The Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America will function as our trusted intermediary.
I propose that you make this transfer before the fifteenth (15th) of the month of April.
But I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day.
A bold step taken shall not be regretted, I assure you.
Hundreds of people are feared dead in Mississippi, and the Louisiana city of New Orleans is badly flooded.
Amid worsening conditions, officials plan to evacuate a New Orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter.
The Superdome stadium is without power, and toilets are overflowing.
One resident of New Orleans said escaping from the storm was "hell".
It was complete chaos," Kioka Williams told the Associated Press news agency.
New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin said up to 80% of the city was submerged, in some cases by waters 6m (20ft) deep.
The BBC's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out.
The situation appears to be even worse in Mississippi.
In Biloxi, 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9m (30ft) "storm surge".
The town's death toll may be "in the hundreds", municipal spokesman Vincent Creel said.
The US energy secretary has announced that oil will be released from government petroleum reserves.
This is a $200 million increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004.
An additional $800 million in emergency funding was added for NASA during the Committee's consideration of the bill.
You can get details about NASA spending here, from their own webpage.
Also, from their own webpage, reasons why NASA is important, in a 5th grade format.
Also NASA has a large outreach program for education, some people believe this is important.
Best, Steve.
Please take a moment to click on the link below and cast your vote for Beyond Control.
You can check the validity of all of this at the Beyond Control website.
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season.
Many thanks, and may God bless you all and keep you healthy.
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit.
Abby needs to fly to New York twice a month for these treatments, and her time on the Federal Grant program has expired.
WHEN: JUNE 12, 2005, 2:00 P.M. TO 2:00 A.M.
We'll have four bands, and Big D is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes.
Please help us by logging onto the Rockin on the River website at .
Cast a vote for Beyond Control, and help us provide Abby with her life saving treatments again.
Donations can also be made through Charter One Bank.
The submarine incident was put down to a "technical error" by the Chinese government, which apologised to Japan.
The West, however, has paid little attention to these developments.
In September, China threatened to veto any move to impose sanctions on Sudan over the atrocities in Darfur.
It has invested $3 billion in the African country's oil industry, which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs.
This year it overtook Japan as the world's second largest consumer of energy, behind the US.
The two are also set to clash over Russia's oil wealth.
Japan favoured a route to the sea, enabling oil to be shipped to both Japan and China.
Increasingly, analysts are saying that China's efforts have gone beyond what is safe or even in its own interests.
You want to merge your mind with the greater universal Mind that surrounds you.
Continue to ideate on this intense desire for your mind to merge with the that universal Consciousness.
And while doing so continue using the Baba Nam Kevalam mantra (breathe in with Baba Nam, breathe out with Kevalam).
Now start to repeat within your mind the mantra: BABA NAM KEVALAM.
Its meaning is "Infinite happiness is everywhere".
You can go further and feel that your unit consciousness, a dot in the Infinite Consciousness, is merging with Infinity.
OK that is fairly basic :).
From what we hear from the news media, one could easily conclude that all Christians are opposed to gay marriage.
At its February meeting the CHS Vestry voted unanimously to add their names to the Declaration.
Our Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare also have signed the Declaration.
Furthermore, the Vestry voted unanimously to invite the support of members of the CHS congregation for the Declaration.
If you have any questions please feel free to call me (after Sat. the 26th, when I will return from a trip).
Sign-up lists will be available at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6, or you can email me.
The American laws forbidding interracial marriage, now struck down, were clearly discriminatory.
He graduated very high in his class, from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yale.
He has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different Supreme Court cases, and he can recite details from memory.
President Bush loves him.
Yes, it is true that some people don't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court.
So there is a lot of hurry-up pressure on the Senate to give its prompt vote of approval.
The Military is not part of the Executive Branch: it is a separate entity.
And so Congress and the Supreme Court become mere advisors to the President, with no real authority over him.
AND THAT IS WHY ALL AMERICANS SHOULD OPPOSE THE NOMINATION OF SAMUEL ALITO.
May God help us all.
Dependant = NASA & Company to use "space station" model to unify the aims of different countries.
This is really an end goal aim of NASA & Company and also does not allow anyone challenging the moon landing hoax.
China launched Shenzhou VI, its second manned spacecraft, early today in northwest China's Gansu Province.
Most experts believe China intends to develop a small space station of its own over the next several years.
But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to beat the United States to the moon in its secretive space effort.
President Bush has directed NASA to return to the moon by 2018 with a new generation of human explorers.
They want a program that will be a success," Johnson-Freese said.
The freeze thawed some after Yang's 2003 mission.
He stressed, however, that NASA would not follow this week's Chinese mission through formal channels.
As it turned out, the Soviets never made it to the moon.
I don't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I didn't do anything like this in my life.
I think for starters, myself and those of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for them.
Here Kant's rule--"Animals are merely means to an end; that end is man"--is applied with a vengeance.
Although there are no human vocals/lyrics, I think it's subject matter is audible.
Again, if anyone wants to read Rachels' entire article, let me know.
All I say is, it works.
In my first week, I made about $25.00.
This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $42,000.00 and it's still coming rapidly.
Please follow the directions EXACTLY, and $50,000 or more can be yours in 20 to 60 days.
You will now become apart of the Mail Order business.
You are in the business of developing Mailing Lists.
Like most of us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspects of it all.
If you have any doubts, refer to Title 18 Sec. 1302 & 1341 of the Postal Lottery laws.
This VERIFIES that you are truly providing a service.
STEP ONE: You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting.
The last wolf was killed in Yellowstone National Park in 1943.
After the major kill-offs, wolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as legend.
Like UFOs or Sasquatch, several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves, usually in Yellowstone.
Some recent research conducted by Oregon State University has given considerable credence to this idea.
This simple change has triggered a veritable ecological cascade in Yellowstone.
Bangs said the agency has established viable wolf packs in the northern Rockies, as required by federal regulations.
On Jan. 31, Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appeared to agree with them.
He vacated the FWS decision to downgrade the wolf's status.
A Yellowstone wolf was found dead, hit by a car, on a Colorado highway last year, several hundred miles from home.
There are only about 850 wolves in the West, but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions.
They even occasionally attack people, which wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brothers Grimm.
True, there are about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the United States.
The Eastern phoebe is showing up about 20 days before it used to.
The forest phlox is blooming in late April instead of mid-May.
Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming.
In England, the cuckoo returns earlier.
These changes are occurring across all species, Parmesan told UPI's Climate.
Throughout the United States, she said, "spring is about two weeks earlier.
Tropical species have moved up to Florida and the Gulf Coast.
On the other hand, the report thinks the news might not be so bad for the North Atlantic fisheries.
Important species that probably would decline include shrimp, capelin, Greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish.
The Pew researchers tried to transcend the economic argument.
Climate is a weekly series by UPI examining the impacts of global climate change.
Preamble from BBC leading to the comments further below.
Meanwhile, President George W Bush has said he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled.
The plain fact is that Bush has a sight more in the way of common humanity than a great many of his detractors.
Certainly, representation of the US in other countries will have a certain depiction.
I have a friend who came here from Bulgaria after winning a green card in a lottery.
Her husband became a citizen of the US just the week before last.
You know, I've lived in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex most of my life.
When not in Texas, I lived in LA and San Francisco.
So, yes, America has pockets that are more diverse than others.
Yes, it's a valid reflection of America - we do have cities like this.
However, New Orleans also had many affluent people, people who left town early as they had the means.
I don't know if this will change other nation's perceptions of America.
I do know that this will change the face of America.
I'm interested in what America will look like in 5 years.
These are some of the things I've been wondering...
Okay, I'm new to this forum and really don't like Bush, so my view point is slanted and I admit that.
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans.
My friend didn't have computer capability, so I spent the day searching and posting online.
The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know that help was available.
It is Oct. 6, and not one family member has been located.
What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation.
Recently, Bush addressed the nation.
I'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off.
All Aries natives may have to tighten their belts and curb their desire for constant expansion.
Your working life might not go so smoothly this year, Virgo.
Flex your muscles, friend Libra, and prepare for a relatively easy ride.
With beneficent Jupiter in your sign, this is definitely your year, especially where your social life is concerned.
Your ruling planet, Jupiter, will be in a special relationship with Pluto - called "mutual reception" - in 2005.
You've got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005, friend Capricorn.
It's a big year for you, friend Pisces.
Historian John Stow dies: April 6, 1605 Sat/Wed.
Upon the same day he conquered Darius, won a great victory at sea, & died the same day.
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip; for on the same day he took Potidea; >> - JOHN AUBREY, F.R.S.
Shakespeare Electronic Conference, Vol. 6, No. 0832. Monday, 23 October 1995.
The 69 year old Dr. Lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on June 7, 1594 at Tyburn.
That same year (1560) a Spanish priest named RUY LOPEZ handily beat all comers at a chess tournament in Rome.
Author of Italian chess book.
In some way I had excited the suspicion of Lopez, the secretary.
He crept up behind me and sprang upon me just as I had finished the note.
But they determined to get rid forever of Garcia.
They had gagged me, and Murillo twisted my arm round until I gave him the address.
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia.
The Rock revolution happened in the Sixties (6, number of the Beast).
It is interesting to observe that this nation is nicknamed "the Devil's Island".
Some months later Sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage because of John Lennon's bruises.
John Lennon entered stardom being a murderer.
We are more popular than Jesus and Pope"....
That was the day that GOD'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock.
One week after that declaration, ONLY ONE WEEK LATER, Brian Epstein, forger of the Beatle farce, died from an overdose.
From then on, the Beatles began to get involved in false religions and to preach them to the world.
The CURSE OF GOD carried on until he was shot dead.
The Beatles are very well known by people close to them for their arrogance and racism.
One of the manifestations of their racism is the rejection towards Japanese Yoko Ono.
Paul McCartney said that George Harrison is a nothing.
George Harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about John Lennon....
Without George Martin the Beatles would have been just another untalented band as Oasis....
He thinks he will deceive people in this way, so that the real McCartney will not be perceived.
Is the old Devil attempting to disguise as good in front of people.
THE HIGH COURT.
Both Dawa and SCIRI have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decades.
In essence, Iran now owns a significant portion of the Iraqi government.
They include 120,000 Iranian Revolutionary Guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare.
The Gulf itself only has one exit, the Strait of Hormuz, which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastline.
In essence, Iran holds the high ground in the Gulf.
Of all the missiles in Iran's armament, the most dangerous is the Russian-made SS-N-22 Sunburn.
The Sunburn can reach Mach 3 at high altitude.
Its maximum low-altitude speed is Mach 2.2, some three times faster than the American-made Harpoon.
The Sunburn takes two short minutes to cover its full range.
The Sunburn is also superior to the Exocet missile.
Recall that it was two Exocets that ripped the USS Stark to shreds in 1987, killing 37 sailors.
The Stark could not see them to stop them.
The US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt is currently deployed in the Persian Gulf, with some 7,000 souls aboard.
The USS Austin is likewise deployed in the Gulf.
Beyond the naval threat is the possibility of Iran throwing its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in Iraq.
The vaunted American military has suffered 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this form of warfare.
The occupation of Iraq has become a guerrilla war, a siege that has lasted more than a thousand days.
Like Iran, Syria's military is nothing to scoff at.
Virtually every credible analysis has Syria standing as the strongest military force in the Middle East after Israel.
As of 2002, Syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms, 4,700 tanks, and a massive artillery capability.
Iran, North Korea and China have been willing providers of state-of-the-art technologies.
Any US attack on Iran could be perceived by China as a direct threat to its economic health.
More significantly, China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand.
South Korea holds about $200 billion.
These sums give these countries enormous leverage over the United States.
China and Japan, and the world at large, have more dollar reserves than they require.
Price increases will cause a dramatic reduction in American real incomes.
In short, China has the American economy by the throat.
The rapid victory during the first Gulf War cemented this perception.
The last three years of the Iraq occupation, however, have sapped this confidence.
Thanks to repeated deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan, recruiting is at an all-time low.
Across the board, the American military is stretched to the breaking point.
Iran's position over the Gulf would make resupply by ship and air support from carriers a dangerous affair.
Therefore, any attack upon Iran's nuclear facilities will bring Russia into the mess.
Look no further than 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
More significantly, recall Iraq.
The answer lies in one now-familiar name: Jack Abramoff.
Logic says no, but logic seldom plays any part in modern American politics.
They did it once already in Iraq.
His father was the last president to go through an entire State of the Union address without mentioning the environment.
The United States was to cut its level by 7 per cent.
He's always like "ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours, I wish I had mine!" and he isn't even joking.
No one employs people from Hartpury because of what they received on work experience.
Merrist Wood (I'm there on a NVQ equine course) do HND in equine management.
Your best bet is to look on UCAS and do a course search.
Merrist Wood in Woking in Surrey.
Go onto the UCAS website, go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do.
The L.I.T is so close to Moyross, yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about Moyross still go there.
Although there is 'bad press' directing at AREA'S of limerick, but nowhere near the university.
My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install.
I really like the MIUI, but a process crashes repeatedly about every 3 seconds.
And I can't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod.
Get the older version of Cynagon mod.
As a mytouch 4g owner I know the phone is pretty fast and their is no point installing a rom.
Olympus X-940 14 Megapixel Digital Camera has filters and can do all sorts of special effects.
I am VERY satisfied.
My answer is that we don't to text speak here... we type in English.
Get your English in order before writing here again please.
If your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand then you can work in any sector.
Take the red line to Clark, then you turn right.
You will get to a place called "BIG BOWL".
THAI FOOD AND ASIAN.
Take the mouse to an emergency vet and have them use CO2 to put the mouse to sleep.
A quick cure would be Arm & Hammer to it's head.
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend.
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture.
I don't have much money so I bought Crayola Air-Dry Clay.
We took our cat Mitten camping.
But he was an inside/outside cat (only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats).
What cleaners can I use to dust around my budgie.
I have had parakeets for a VERY long time, and I use pledge.
I agree w the answer from Nothing.
Even a cotton cloth (I like diapers) that is barely damp w water will work fine.
EDIT: I love how she says it's not callum but doesn't deny it's me....i think we all know who she's talking about...
EDIT: now i'm curious...
EDIT: How did I know...
Yes obviously the USB is region free which means you can use it anywhere.
And every computer manufactured in both Ireland & the UK are Region 2 aka PAL.
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question.
Ok, I know that Mcdonald's has Monopoly going on right now.
And what food has EXTRA game pieces.
There's a Canon EOS T2i, with the exact same sensor, just no articulating screen.
If you can't even do basic math, you'll never figure out how to use a DSLR camera properly.
My origin Station is Howrah, but I want to board at Asansol..
In Calcutta there is a Foreigner's reservation office where they speak English very well.
Even if you don't find the foreigner's office you'll be fine in the normal Reservation Office of any big train station.
This is where you can get AND change express train tickets.
Contact the Indian railways.
Sorry, I would put that application in the round file.
I applied to get a student visa to study in Canada, I received one that is valid until October of 2015.
Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really, unless the bars have less than half a cm between them.
I live in London.
My parents do not like me, They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18.
Anyway Advice for travelling.
I want to go all over :) I don't have a set route yet.
I always thought Mayko or Meiko is a Japanese name.
Right, I couldn't find any proven source for that.
Certainly, Nguyen is the one of first names of many people in Vietnam, only in Vietnam.
Mayko is relating to the Japanese.
In Vietnam, when a baby was born, they must be named "first name" according to that of their fathers.
I'm pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese.
She is a Canadian born Vietnamese.
We are staying at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so I wanted something close.
It's narrowed down to Butcher and Singer, Davio's, and Del Friscos.
Sidenote... I am familiar with the Capital Grille, Barclay Prime, The Palm, The Prime Rib, Mortons, Ruth Chris', etc.
I have weighed those options and found the three that I have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste.
Please only reviews on the three I mentioned earlier.
I am only familiar with Morton's and Ruth Chris.
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has.
I'm planning my trip to Asia and S.Korea is one of the destinations.
I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood, its wing is injured, so I'm currently taking care of it.
Doves are a species of pigeon ,they are Seed eaters, they do not eat bread,or worms.
In the airport, follow the signs that say "Paris by train".
Buy a ticket for Paris.
This will get you on the RER B line going into town.
Stay on it until the "Saint-Michel Notre-Dame" station.
Change there to the Metro 4 line going toward "Porte d'Orleans".
Get off at the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" station.
As I recall, this bus drops you off near the Opera in Paris.
You'll still have to take another bus or the Metro down to Montparnasse.
On the bus: Get on Bus 95 going toward "Porte de Vanves".
Stay on the bus until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" stop.
On the Metro: Get in the Metro at Opera.
Take the 8 line toward "Balard" until the "Invalides" station.
Change there to the 13 line toward "Chatillon Montrouge" and take it until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" station.
I use GIMP and Its not cutting it, looks terrible.
I know I wouldn't.
Bumrungrad Hospital does some good work but all hospitals do have their problems from time to time.
The cheapest *high quality* plastic surgeons are at Yanhee Hospitals.
When I open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay.
I've had cats for 35 years and I only feed them dry food.
If you took some Olympic-level horses on a trail ride, they just couldn't do it.
That is another reason why I like competitive trail riding also.
YOU have to spend the time training.
Those are just a few reasons why I love trail riding, competitive or not.
Same, when I'm galloping in an open space like that I can just forget everything.
Also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and I just sat and watched.
The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer, it's an in-tank design that could easily sit in your sump.
From what I understand they're pretty much the same thing.
I don't want an iPad or Kindle.
Well I recently bought the Nook Color, and I have to say that I am very happy with it.
So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet.
Basically Nook Tablet it has more memory, better battery life and a better processor and a microphone.
Hey there, I'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday.
We just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months back so I'm not an expert on the area.
Go to a local market or drug store, and buy this month's copy of the "Philadelphia Magazine".
I'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and I just want to know how to properly set it up.
Any and all suggestions on what I need to do and buy will help.
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his/her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night.
I thought it was dangerous for the baby so I moved him.
If the baby is feathered yet - which I'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine.
Im sorry if I couldn't say the question right.
In short Yes.
If your (US) provider has a deal with a canadian wireless company, you texts and calls will go through.
Ye$ you can Text in CANADA to the U$ on a U$ number.
You may want to get a temporary phone for your trip to Canada.
Email usually free if you use a WiFi connection.
Hope you unde$tood the me$$age I do have an "S" key on my computer.
My family and I are planning to shift to Fujairah in a couple of years.
So I just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways.
I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have ALOT of projects to be done by 2012.
Things to do in Fujairah..
So, no it is not as good as Dubai, but its quieter and more peaceful, and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins.
Visited Fujairah when in Dubai.
I don't know should i buy PS3 or X-BOX Kinect.
Or even N-DS or PSP.
I'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X-BOX then a newer version comes out.
XBOX Joys are soo comfyy.....
Performance - You get the same in all, just get a good TV.
Ive had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional.
I thought that I had gained my cockatiel's trust, but now he's not coming to me when I open his cage.
My breyers need stables or barns though.....and I need directions and materials on how to make them.
And I need to know where to buy the materials.
He's a good kitty, just when he plays he bites REALLY hard.
Yeah, I thought that the holding his mouth thing sounded wrong.
He does have toys, a scratching post, LOTS of mice, balls, yarn, a feathery birdy toy, etc.
Hi, I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage.
They LOVE to climb.
I Have This Exact Cage, Bought From The Exact Ebay User.
My bday is Saturday :) and I wanna have breakfast/lunch with my fam.
I would strongly suggest "The Breakfast Club" in Chicago.
They have fabulous French toast too.
The Breakfast Club & Grill is conveniently located just two blocks off the Kennedy Expressway.
Directions from the Kennedy: Take the Ogden Exit off the Kennedy.
Go three lights down and take a right onto Ogden.
Continue two blocks to Hubbard and take another right.
We're at the corner of Hubbard and Noble.
Unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the L.A. section.
Sorry, I'm just very nervous after watching the movie.
Besides the obvious tourist spots which I already have planned for.
The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach.
Otherwise, you can do what you can do in other parts or Japan, like shopping, eating, etc.
Or you can visit temples or shrines in Okinawa.
Well first you can try speaking Japanese.
Climb Mount Fuji.
Okinawa is quite different from the rest of Japan, although of course there are similarities.
There's the market in Naha, which is great.
I'm not sure that there's much nightlife in Naha.
Your best bet would probably be to get a copy of the Lonely Planet Japan book and read the chapter on Okinawa.
I was playing a video game that has a m16 Vietnam model, and in the game it's 3-shot burst.
My brother said they only had full-auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam.
He also ordered that the receiver not get a (I think chrome) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming.
Planning on going to New Zealand in January.
Planning on going to North and South Island.
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and hasn't been cleared away yet.
But I would go for the base number of 15hh.
If you Don't want to grow out of it quickly get a 14'2 ..
The bus trip down from Sao Paulo is a similar affair taking around 18 hours.
The French tend to look down on the Americans and treat them bad.
As you're from the States you'll have much more fun in London.
Parisians dislike Americans for their lack of speaking French and proper French manners.
You'll need to have intermediate French to have a good time in Paris.
However, outside Paris everybody is wonderful.
Nobody likes the Parisians, even then Parisians don't like Parisians.
South France is wonderful, right on the Mediterranean.
However, if you're allowed another option and you want a small-town feel, then head to Edinburgh, Scotland.
If your French is good/moderate, then head to Paris without a doubt.
I also highly recommend staying with a French family.
I did this at age 13 in Champagne, France and it was the most amazing experice of my upbringing.
There is NO such thing as a BTA.
Please remember: there is NO such thing.
There is NO such requirement, in any country of the world.
BTA only exists in the mind of SCAMMERS.
The below site from the US government verifies this-it's the same for Canada ,too.....
He's the issue, you are trying to "Make" them mate.
This is like trying to Make 2 people get married.
The difference is what they need to live, VS what's ideal for them.
Get that right, and they will mate when THEY are ready.
You can't MAKE them mate, you can only encourage them.
Jack Dempseys are not an easy cichlid to breed.
The p H should be 6.5-7.
Recently she has been peeing A LOT.
I love her and want to help her but I don't know when I'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help.
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine, and this is bad.
HOWEVER ... that same web page also states that "The current pass mark is 67.
The Skilled Worker category was my first attempt at permanent residency.
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once.
But I got lucky because I qualified under another category to become a permanent resident.
NOTE to BEN .
Alright, so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it.
Don't get me wrong I want to go, but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously.
We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days.
Well, I mean, you don't have to be mad about it.
At least you get to go to Florida in JANUARY.
I'm really worried cause I have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go smoothly.
An American passport should get you right into the country, there is no need for a VISA, for six months.
I never stayed more than two weeks at a time when I visited the U.K.
I visited London, Edinburgh, and St. Andrews so far, and I was treated very well and with great kindness.
A Sussex crossed with Silkie would make a crossbred *mutt* chicken.
There are a lot of genetics at play between a Sussex and Silkie, so the offspring would vary in appearance.
However, I can say what features they would/could have.
Feather Type.
Skin Color: Silkies have black skin color, which is dominate.
Sussex have White Skin which could be recessive or dominate.
Skin will be darker but lighter then the Silkies.
Feathered Feet/Shanks- Chicks could have feathered feet/shanks as this is also incomplete dominate.
Crest: Chicks could also develop a small crest due to this being another incomplete dominate gene.
So crossed to a Sussex you could get a walnut, pea, rose, or single combed bird.
Five Toes: Silkies have five toes.
Hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger, can see better, and are smarter the Silkies.
I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000.
I've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I didn't notice at first.
As far ask I'm aware our most unique custom would be the "Country Wake".
In all my travels I've never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners.
Wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with Protestants and Catholics alike.
Another unique custom (and a dying one at that) is the Pioneers.
I wouldn't know--I don't particularly like scary movies, and I haven't tried this with my pet.
Well, T.V. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture.
So chances are that if your dog likes to watch T.V., it's probably because of the sounds.
Hearing is a dog's secondary sense, and I will discuss that in another blog entery.
So I want to hire someone (or multiple people) to transport me to these shows.
I had my horse transported from CA to WA and he came on this big, open stock trailer.
All horses I've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive.
I would call Bob Hubbard Transport and get a quote.
You may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via CruiseCompete).
HOWEVER: you will pay as if there are 2 people in the cabin, even if it is just you.
The whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black.
The Mission was basically latin-american.
Marin County was predominantly caucasian and many of the expanding outer east bay areas started out as white suburbs.
It was not so long after Civil Rights laws against discrimination started to have an impact.
You never saw black MUNI drivers, Asian police, Latino politicians until then.
We did not have big percent of Chinese migration until the mid 90s.
We had fewer people running across the Mexican border then.
There has always been a Mexican-American cultural influence since Calif was owned by Mexico.
San Francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people historically.
The counties outside San Francisco were more white than San Francisco in the 70s.
EDIT: My memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time.
From my experience Hens(Not roosters) are very friendly with duck,Guinea pigs,kittens,cows,Rabbits,etc.
Even if you did melt it, I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it.
Brass has an even higher melting point than bronze and I would think your charcoal just doesn't get hot enough.
Brass melts at just under 2000F which is a bright yellow heat, not red hot.
Some friends of mine visited Dartmouth in Devon whilst on holiday last summer.
They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods.
Its important to their religion that they only consume Halal food.
Places like Dartmouth are supposed to be tourist towns and should provide foods for people of all religions.
When I went to Bosnia, all the meat was Halal.
I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it.
To prevent animal cruelty, many countries forbid Halal and Kosher meat.
Switzerland is one, and the Netherlands are passing the same law.
It will become EU law in a couple of years.
They don't know ANYTHING about Ball pythons.
When I ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house.
Just today I bought a medium rat for my beloved Ball Python Salazar (name after Harry Potter).
Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily.
I would do the tupperwear idea TBH - easiest and most humane.
I am a 20 something gay black male and I am looking for suggestions on neighborhoods close to the downtown Toronto area.
Im moving from South Carolina so this will already be a huge culture shock.
Being gay and living in Toronto is just fine.
You may consider the Gay Village on Church Street, right downtown.
Being an American guarantees you no favours when it come to going to Canada.
Just 'wanting to come to Canada " is NOT enough.
You MUST apply, to become a Immigrant, and WAIT to be approved, by the Canadian Government.
Whatever you do ...............DO NOT try to come here with out legal permission.
Being an American and from the "south " you will be noticed as soon as you speak out loud .
Do it properly, and legally, and you will be OK.
I have a 4 months Shih Tzu puppy.
Recently I'm having trouble training him.
He is kind of hate walking with leash, every time I put the leash on, he will try to bite it.
And he is not following me when I was walking.
Hi, I am a dog trainer for 25 yrs.
In Delhi I'd recommend Ajay Guesthouse.
Travelled to Delhi twice and stayed there twice.
Must say, in Delhi it's hard to get good price/quality rating.
I have found this hotel in the Lonely Planet guide.
It's in an area starting with a P, many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice.
But in general, Delhi is the hardest place to find a nice clean hotel for that price.
In Varanasi I don't know.
In Agra I've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the Rough Guide.
It was nice and close to the Taj.
To Stay in delhi - Hotel Aster Inn is best to stay in delhi.
TO Stay in Agra -Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is perfect for you.
To Stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel is you choice...
The Guinea pig is better because its a lot larger than a hamster, rat, mouse, or degu.
So if you lose him, he is easier to find, because smaller rodents just LOVE to escape from their cages.
So my opinion is Guinea pigs.
I've had experience with all of those pets except Degus.
Never had/handled a Degu.
This is my first experience and I have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wits end.
My apartment also smells repulsive even though I am cleaning out their litter box at least once a day if not twice.
Depending on the batch of kittens, I will often have as many as one per kitten.
My first three children were born in Southern Ontario cities.
My last son, was born in Northern Ontario....
Two years later when I got around to filling for his birth certificate, I find out he was never registered.
This is in Ontario of course, the rates may be slightly different for other provinces/territories.
Start here if you were born in Ontario.
My parents didn't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment.
It was no problem to get PROVIDED the birth was registered in the first place.
When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital.
Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings.
For our comparison we sailed on two similar ships - the Carnival Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of the Seas.
The Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay, Puerto Rico, and Grand Turk.
The Mariner of the Seas traveled to its private island Coco Cay and Labadee (the north coast of Haiti).
Shows Each night there are a variety of shows.
We felt that the main shows on the Mariner of the Seas were better.
On the Liberty we liked the comedian and juggling act.
Dining Room We enjoyed the atmosphere of both dining rooms on the Liberty and Mariner of the Seas.
We felt that the menu had a little more variety on the Mariner of the Seas.
Friendliness of staff The Liberty and Mariner of the Seas both get high grades.
We did have one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the Mariner.
Pools The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt water pools - which most cruise ships have.
We liked the Liberty's pools better because one had a slide.
Spa We tried the spa on the Liberty and loved it.
We did not try the spa on the Mariner of the Seas.
Royal Caribbean is better, but the best cruiseline is Regent Seven Seas.
Royal Caribbean.
Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines...
I mean when I graduate & yes, college, sorry for the typo.
There are 50 of them, 48 located from Maine to Florida and California to Washington State and all in between.
There are 2 more located outside of the main continent with Alaska way to the north and Hawaii in the Pacific.
Big Cities like New York, Boston, Philadelphia on the East Coast.
Beaches and Disney of Florida or the Mid Atlantic cities of Atlanta, Savannah, Charleston.
The federal sites of Washington, DC.
Southern charm of Nashville, Birmingham, New Orleans or Charlotte.
West Coast hot spots like Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, Los Angeles or San Diego.
Just as numerous as the possibilities of the US.
I could spend a year in Spain alone.
From Madrid to Seville to Barcelona an Valencia.
Bilboa on the north coast, Pamplona and the very famous Guernica.
I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU your heart desires.
Last night, I adopted a 2 year old Male German Shepherd.
My other MAJOR problem is that he will not get in his crate.
If I come towards him, he will run away.
I have a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppy.
If you want reliable and inexpensive... try Sinh Cafe/Tourist.
The are located right at 248 De Than St. in the heart of the back packer district.
Also, Sinh Cafe has been around for a long time and is very reputable.
Sinh Cafe is not a Cafe.
If you're adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to My Tho (near where we live) or Can Tho.
Most of the tourists that I've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront.
PS, If you make it to Thanh Pho Ben Tre, stay a night at my friend Ken's hotel.
It's called Kiwi Heaven and it's across the river from Cho Ben Tre.
He's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he's been in town for awhile.
We went with Intrepid as a part of their North to South Vietnam Trip, but they do offer this one day separately.
Here is what I do now and it really helps....
Then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as I can, so they are not touching the saddle.
Then a lap doing scissors, one leg forward as far as I can and the other back, then switch legs.
BTW you dont want your leg locked in place, it will move WITH the horse a bit.
When I first started doing it I'd do it every day.
Now I just do it once or twice a week or as needed.
I took him to the Animal Hospital and they ran blood work and everything came back normal.
He could also have Parvovirus, a GI foreign body, or any number of things.
You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about.
Boiled WHITE rice and boiled chicken breast.
I would really love to hear what the French or those who had dated the French to say something about this.
I'm in my 20's and currently studying in France.
However, I've read on the internet that the French dating etiquette is totally different.
I have told a French girl I liked her, and she accepted.
But the articles I read seemed to say the contrary.
I'm just trying to make up my mind whether I should move to Australia or seek work in the sex industry.
Everybody I know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there are actually jobs available.
Everybody seems to flee this country and move overseas, to Australia, etc.
Your answer doesn't do anything but remind me that I'm going to be $25,000 in debt by the time I'm 22.
I've also considered becoming a teacher, but it's not a job I'm cut out for.
I also wish I'd applied for a scholarship.
Obviously I'm still completely stupid though.
I mean, I wasn't smart enough to apply for a scholarship.
And yes, I am being melodramatic.
Your answer is very sweet, but I'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students.
I'm studying to be a teacher, so I know that there will definitely be jobs out there when I'm done.
I may have to live somewhere rural or in Auckland, but at least I can be pretty sure I'll be employable.
I've also got a bachelors degree so I can go back and do further study or take a different profession.
I also know that you don't get paid that much more in Australia than you do here.
And it's not all about how much you earn, cost of living is much higher in many cities in Australia.
Try living in Sydney on a teacher's salary, then compare it to somewhere like Central Otago.
You also have to put up with all the annoying accents in Australia.
I wouldn't like not having the option to return to NZ.
I guess I'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800f my course fees through my degree.
But I worked hard and I'm still working hard.
Whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground, don't assume it's better in Oz.
If he doesn't seem interested in them at all I would say he's just not hungry.
All those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct, the Communists WERE being defeated.
However, Johnson would not let the military cross the borders and clean out the Communist bases.
The Communists agreed.
They could not defeat the Americans.
THAT WAS THE PLAN.
The ARVN rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked.
Within 24 hours every Communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of Hue.
The government did NOT fall.
TO THE SOUTH VIETNAMESE GOVERNMENT..
Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists.
They were chased back into Laos and Cambodia with the ARVN in hot pursuit.
But Johnson was so obtuse he didn't understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter.
To make the war unpalatable to the American public.
There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap.
Any white light emitting light source will emit UVA, including heat bulbs, that's the easy one to provide for.
UVB on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source.
You need to also provide a source a UVB lighting.
UVB and basking temp (should be about 110 F for a baby, 95 F for an adult) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day.
That lady at PetSmart is a disgrace to the rest of us PetSmart associates... sheesh.
Yes, it gives him the "sun rays" necessary, that's what UVA is.
After a couple of weeks I got tired of them.
I want a bird that I can hold and do tricks.
A couple of months after I got parakeets/budgies.
If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them.
My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the results.
These are the steps I used.
Then I sat on the couch, placed one hand in the cage, holding a millet spray.
My sister and I would like to go to Ireland.
People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather, it is unpredictable.
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of.
It may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in February, but winter woollies in March and even during the summer.
County Kerry is the worst affected.
Spring festivities include the ever-popular St Patrick's Festival.
If you mean the Republic of Ireland (Dublin) then anytime.
The summer there is much more mild than most of the US (are you coming from the US?).
Their seasons are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere but I would suggest fall.
It does get pretty cold in Ireland so going before winter is your best bet.
Rent a car and spend a couple days outside of Dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime.
We only had a few sunny days this summer, barely 24C on a few occasions, more like 14C most days.
We used our BBQ on precisely 4 occasions.
Autumn is from mid August onwards as far as the weather goes if not officially according to the calender.
We had frosts in October so I wouldn't advise visiting late in the year to be honest, Spring time is your best bet.
Eating out in particular is quite expensive compared to America I believe.
I have 4 Golden Wonder Killifish.
I feed them Flakes, and Live Earthworms uncut everyday.
Thanks in Advance.
Worms (and Daphnia) are also rich in Lipids, substances important in forming eggs and growing young.
If you would like more on sexing out Aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below.
If conditions are favorable (78-82 F) and the fish are obviously well fed as yours are, they will spawn.
I prefer darker colors because I can see their eggs ,more easily and the fish look better next to them.
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe".
Aplo. lineatus are wide-spread over southern India.
Still if you can get your pet shop to do a hardness or TDS (total Dissolved Solids) test, that may give you a hint.
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe".
Other will add a drop of Methylene blue.
Get those out ASAP too.
There are many reasons to say Disney cruise is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour.
From 1998 onwards, from its inception Disney cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more and more.
No, the luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the Disney cruise are very attractive to people of all ages.
There are two ships, Disney magic and Disney wonder.
They can spend many hours enjoying the Disney world magic.
To relax and to rejuvenate Disney cruise are the best option.
Off season is good, however, the Disney cruises are almost ALWAYS completely booked.
I would suggest a warmer season, but not Spring Break or early summer.
You may also want to avoid Thanksgiving week and the Christmas holidays.
With young ones, I would definitely get a window or view room so they can see outside.
Do NOT feel guilty about taking them there.
They have a BLAST so the sooner they get there, the sooner they can have fun.
Cell phones do NOT work on board but they give you a 'walkie-talkie' kind of phone in your room that WILL work onboard.
Each evening you will get a 'magazine' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day.
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend.
You will never be so spoiled in your life as you are on a Disney Cruise.
I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise.
I posted this in singles and dating too, so I've just copied and pasted.
Well, I'll try to make this short.
He is my farrier (shoes my horses feet) so I am technically a client if you want to view it that way.
Well, almost two weeks ago he came out and did my horses feet and was SO flirty.
That has NEVER happened before so I was kinda realizing at that point that he was a little interested.
Anyway, so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message, but he still hasn't called back yet.
He didn't have my number either because this was the first time I've called HIM instead of his dad.
Anyway, I would appreciate ANY insight on this at all.
This is about the fourth time they've done my horse's feet because I just switched back to them.
However, he left my horse without a shoe for TWO WEEKS(now that's what I call a crap farrier).
Which, I might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails.
So, obviously I switched back to these guys.
And yes, I do like him.
To answer Barry White, yes that did occur to me :) I hope that is all he's waiting for.
On the other hand, he could very easily just call me and say hey I'm busy right now, I'll call you when I can come out.
And as far as scheduled visits go, I have no idea.
Sounds like He really likes you..
If i were you I would Go...
I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming..
Edit... I really dont think Your horse Is in danger Of being hurt With one Nail missing..
But That was Years ago.
He had this Habit of telling you Everything..
Im glad his butt was facing me so he couldn't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing..
I was heartbroken.. but then realized He was not the Guy for me..
So I sent him to the trainers the first of September to be started on the barrels.
The horse I had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life.
I CANNOT afford to treat whatever is wrong with him.
NO, I have not done an EPM test but have done an extensive blood panel and my vet did a neurological physical exam.
We elected to not do the EPM test because there was NO neurological signs.
So I might get the horse and see what I can do.
I will be getting with my vet first and if I do get him, have the spinal fluid test done for EPM and a titer test.
I'll be having my equine chiro/acupuncturist out to do some work as well if I do get him....
Worse comes to worse, I'm out of the $$ and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament.
He can eat grain and I already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he can't eat regular hay.
I am not going to go pick up a horse I can't afford.
I am willing to pull the EPM test and treat.
I know that I have the possibility of treating him and still having to put him down.
At the same time I do know people who have had horses come back successfully after EPM.
Gallop, I've already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well.
I will have the EPM test done before treating.
If so go for it and I'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up.
If you feel this guy is worth it then I hope your vet can figure things out.
As to EPM like Shee said being in MI we've had to deal with it.
We hauled the horse to Windsor and got him treated there.
We've had a few since then, but none since our race horses began wintering in Florida.
One horse even got his lifetime mark after being treated for EPM.
The only difference we noticed is that the EPM horses seemed to do worse on the smaller tracks after.
MSU does a lot of EPM studies because of how common it is here.
You may want to see if you can get in touch with their EPM group and get this guy in a study.
I know they did lab work showing that Strongid C used daily could help prevent EPM.
West Nile can cause EPM like symptoms and doesn't always include a fever.
You hate to see talent get wasted, but honestly I don't think I could take in a horse right now these issues.
Personally I think you should just keep on walking by.
Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor.
Thanks again Saucey's.
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier.
It came out better than I even imagined.
But I found the location wonderful and the neighbors very kind.
Loved the pool and BBQ.
Because of the ants I dropped them to a 3 star.
I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs.
I enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and India heritage tours for valuable.
Thanks for Bright Star Tours.
My infant is content everyday when I drop off and pick up.
I came to La Crosse to go to college, and my mom would send me birthday flowers though here.
I have never had a problem with their hours because I always go during the mornings.
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit.
Mr. Squeege is THE BEST.
Prompt, Clean Windows.
We have never had a bad experience buying from Edmark.
Thanks Mark.
This store is by far the worst Verizon store I've been in.
Incredibly rude and I will not return to it.
Dr. Wallen and staff was excellent.
Dr. Wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me.
I've been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and Stainless Steel is by far the best.
I am very pleased with the tattoos that I revived from them.
Cathy ******Five Stars for Lake Forest Tots.
I have had all three of my children attend Lake Forest Tots.
This place is the opposite of QuikTrip: crappy in every way.
I've only had good experiences at Adorn, I was greeted and offered a refreshment.
The food here is fresh and hot out of the Wok.
It is the real thing - I have been practicing Pilates for over 7 years and would not go anywhere else.
For example, I actually forgot to feed my cat, and they went out of their way to take care of him.
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i aint haves much monies fo repairs round the House....
There are three Starbucks locations that I frequent.
But this location has the worst weekend staff I've seen EVER.
Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near.
Overall, Joe is a happy camper who has found a great spot.
You charge SO MUCH, yet you use the same grounds over and over again.
The coffee taste BURNT and very bitter.
The Brick, Ikea, and Leon's have their place.
Yes my G1 screen is back working.
They was about to Charge me $129...
Tmobile want to Send of my phone and i didn't want to go thru that...
Theres a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon.
If you want great food then L'espalier is the place to go.
Before you buy ANYTHING in NY, make sure you stop by Jack-s first.
I'ma soccer mom so I wasn't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear.
The staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my first time ballerina.
Tried Crust on Broad on 3 occasions.
Tonight, I called several times with no answer (Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm) and finally drove there to place my order in person.
We just got our sunroom built by Patio World and can say that I'm extremely happy with the whole thing.
It wasn't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you.
I got a coupon from Pennysaver for this station.
If this is the best that Tucson has to offer, I am outta here...
I called on a Friday at 12:30 complaining of a severe toothache.
Dr. Obina told me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday.
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc.
There are plenty of good dentists in Fernandina.
Don't go to Amelia Gentle Dentistry.
Stay away from Kids First West Chester.
You NEVER get a human on the phone.
We highly recommend Joe and his wasp removal service to individual home owners and condos.
We were in Springfield, IL for a family funeral from Kansas City.
She continues to help me when needed even if I have a service question.
Since I'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help me out when needed.
It's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta.
November 7, 2010 First time eating at Caffe Bella Italia and it was a wonderful experience.
Too bad they were out of the Chocolate Lava Cake.
And now 2 months after my last appointment I am better than ever.
My husband and I happened in on a whim.
Also after seeing a handful of bullfights, I can say that they're a lot more enjoyable if you're smashed (BAC>= .15).
I will be back and telling EVERYONE about this clinic.
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty.
I choose Console Pros and I'm happy I did.
This is the original Ham's restaurant, expanded into a regional chain in the late 80's -- but this one is no more.
Victim of hard times and I suspect failing corporate management.
So long Hams ... you will be missed.
We are very pleased with the services of First Glass Window.
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut.
When I get my hair done there, they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair.
I have worked with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for years and have never been disappointed.
No matter what state I am in when I arrive, I always leave feeling better.
What a fantastic store, I love this place.
Dr. Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters.
Dr. Aster is very kind an gentle with the children, but also positive and to the point with the parents.
I finally called Matt from Bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable.
Richard Joule and the gang are pros from start to finish.
I called them for an estimate and they INSULTED ME WHEN I ASK THEM QUESTIONS.
THEY ARE VERY RUDE AND NASTY.
THEY WILL GIVE YOU A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE AND ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE THEY WILL CHANGE THE PRICE, I GUARANTEE IT.
You've Got Maids did a fabulous job cleaning my home.
I spent quite a bit because I spoil my little princess.
Afterall she will only be a baby for so long I figure why not enjoy it.
Lots of collections, many antique light fixtures, Chandeliers, custom lighting etc.
I think they have the largest collection for Chandeliers Chicago.
Antiques, Vintage, Contemporary & Modern Chandeliers.
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good..
We also had the BBQ Spare Ribs.. good also.
I ordered the MOO SHU pork and it was great..
I also ordered the Neptune Platter which was awesome... so this place gets 5 out of 5 stars.
I went to get my nails filled Friday, by Monday 2 were broken.
Not good, not great, and again another disappointment in Central Iowa.
My girlfriend and I ate at The Grill last night, and our experience was amazing.
It was the best Chinese food I have ever had.
Every time I go, Kevin, the manager, will always remember my family and I.
Tiger Heating is awesome.
I had John and Dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replaced.
John was here in 45 minutes after I called on a 10 below zero early Sunday morning.
If you need someone to help you out with your heating problems, I DEFINITELY would call TIGER HEATING and AIR.
Wanted to buy a Rhino 700 and a Grizzly 700.
After searching high and low for a salesman, I was treated like dirt, and we left.
Parts department blows, Service department is even worse.
Once you have met Nigel you will not want to work with anyone else.
As a native southern Californian I can tell you that this is not authentic Mexican food.
However, I still like this place a lot.
My only complaint is the QUESO.
James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently.
When the next hailstorm blows through, I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas Construction.
That did it for me..no more Raina's.
I much preferred the one-on-one service here to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and firms.
While I hope I don't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon, if I do I'll definitely use this firm again.
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily.
The Chili Relleno..had no batter on it.
I googled restaurants in the area and Fuji Sushi came up and reviews were great so I made a carry out order of : L 17.
Mixed Tempura.....................8.25 Shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad.
Their BBQ chicken pizza is one of the better ones I have ever had.
I will NEVER do business with Sun Toyota again.
Thank god there are plenty of Toyota dealerships to choose from in this city.
ATE HERE A COUPLE TIMES.
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE, MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI.
SO, IF YOU WANT A BURGER AND FRIES, WELL, IT IS OK.
IF YOU WANT A LITTLE CAJUNISH FOOD - IT IS GOOD.
IF YOU WANT A STEAK, WELL, THIS IS NOT THE BEST IN GREEN BAY.
OVERALL DECENT BUT IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A RUTH CHRIS TYPE STEAK, THIS IS NOT IT.
Good place to be on a Sunday Night.
But the menu had standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian Tavern.
I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and it's been a refreshing change.
I used to live at Meadowrun and that was a nightmare.
The manager - Tiffany - is actually very nice so I'ma bit surprised by other comments.
AND they're usually able to help you as a walk-in, and they're fast.
A bit pricey, so I didn't go very often, but it was always a treat when I did.
The prices were worth what I got.
I'm assuming they are completely out of business since I can't find any contact information.
One of my top 5 places to eat in Baltimore.
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille, so I imagine they are owned/operated by the same people.
I'm really thankful for the folks at HR Office.
I adopted a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the Dumb Friends League.
Only one server, too buys talking with others I guess.
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had.
I guess they figured me for an easy mark, and tried to explain that my car wouldn't pass unless I replaced a hose.
Ten minutes later, I took my car down the street and it passed the emissions test with flying colors.
So here we are in Manson.
Yes, Manson.
Right near Chelan.
Aka Nowheresville.
A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customers, makes this the worst rental agency I have used.
If you must use them, be vigilant and be ready to push, if you can go elsewhere then I would.
Went to the Willow Lounge this past weekend for dinner and drinks...place is awesome.
This is an awesome date spot that the area SERIOUSLY needs.
Its been a few years since I have been to Ipanema.
And, I can say, this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of Richmond.
I recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at Fraiser's.
I highly recommend Fraiser's for anyone planning a special event for friends, family or business.
It's located in the huge HONKA Log Homes building, by Walmart off of Evergreen Parkway.
This store is what Colorado is all about.
I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service.
It led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly-accented English.
DONT ever go there, not even if your car flips.
DO NOT EVER GO HERE.
I prefer Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people.
And they THRIVE to get a customer.
This was a terrible experience and I hope that no one else goes through that.
This is a shame of my adorable town, Branford.
The Bad: I was at Napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food.
Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in.
This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering.
This was nothing like New York style pizza!!!.
Allen Tire was recommended by friend after my having bad tire experiences in Temecula.
The store manager, Jim Smith, made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus.
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership, The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard.
As first-time home buyers, my husband and I found Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat Realty, extremely helpful.
We would highly recommend Stephanie to anyone looking for a home in the Yampa Valley.
I have been going to Nick for 5 months now precisely because he does pay attention to detail.
Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par, but if you wait for Nick... you'll be good.
For cheap Chinese food, this is the place to go.
I used to eat at places like New China or Green Buffet in Troy, MO - nothing terrible but not that great.
Now, I won't eat fast food Chinese unless it's from this place.
The best value I've found from a Chinese restaurant.
I don't live in Lake St. Louis anymore, but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous.
My experience was amazing at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spa.
Jana Kueck was nothing but professional.
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer.
We also liked the way that Ray checked on the job everyday.
We would not hesitate to use Spears Roofing again.
Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted.
This is one of the worst places I have stayed, we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry.
Short of that, avoid this place, as a silver Marriott member, this is a disgrace.
I really enjoyed the staff at Wessex, also the manager Sherri was always very nice and helpful.
I absolutely LOVED living there.
My car broke down and roadside towed my vehicle to Sussman Kia.
THIS PLACE IS THE BEST.
NICE SERVICE, AND EXCELLENT FOOD.
I EAT HERE AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEK.
THEY HAVE EXCELLENT SUSHI CHEF SPECIAL ROLLS FOR A FAIR PRICE AND SO IS THE GRILL ORDERS.
Only if it is of the quality of That's Amore.
Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree.
Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used.
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed.
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had.
They have towed car for me a few times and I am always very satisfied with this services.
As a very satisfied new customer, I wholeheartedly recommend United Air Duct Cleaning.
T's has been a North County landmark for thirty years and with good reason.
If you've been to North County, chances are it's in your favorites list already.
They were very professional, respectful, completed the Job on time, and well below my budget.
After going through 5 other places I finally found Janice at Alta Moda.
Either I suck at my own style or Janice is a genius.
I have been going to the Wildwood, NJ for over 30 years for summer vacations and always call the Madrid first.
I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood, this hotel has everything that we are looking for.
It is the hospitality from Tom and staff, that makes it feel like a 5 star hotel in the middle of the beach.
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia.
They are and always will be the nicest people in Sicily that you will meet.
You will also have the pleasure of learning the Italiano language.
You will also have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture, that I have fallen in luv with.
Overall, I was very happy with the customer service and my purchase.
I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great.
I have also had an 80 yr old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital.
Yes, we had to wait, but ER is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases first.
Any ER would be the same.
As a nurse I know about drug seekers.
This is a great hospital and even better since it became part of the UW system.
Dr. Taylor was not only available on a Sunday, but also was able to immediately take care of me.
He was incredibly informative about the options I had, giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from.
The education is horrible at best, do society a favor, and do NOT send your student here.
I haven't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it.
It's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word.
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps.
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue.
My friend and I went there for lunch today.
BIG MISTAKE - The food was tasteless and cold.
Would NOT recommend this place to anyone - in fact - save your money and go somewhere else.
I am not a client of liquidweb.com, but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites.
I work with him and since past 6 years he is hosting his websites to Liquidweb.
Major Awards - Overall Hino dealer of the year.
Overall Hino finance dealer of the year.
Major Awards - Market leader overall, Dandenong PMA, sales.
IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes, this is not the place for you.
If you want perfectly executed simple dishes that feature a few exquisite ingredients, you'll love Vetri.
Hands-down the best pasta and gnocchi I've ever eaten (and I've eaten a lot).
I've dined at lots of high-end restaurants and I've never before felt my money was so well spent.
The owner is a pleasant guy and I would trust my car with him or any of his workers.
David is the most helpful and creative photographer that I have used.
I would highly recommend David to anyone.
The people there attempt to come across and professional and nice, but I was disappointed with their customer service.
I brought a car in to have the "check engine" light diagnosed back in March of 2010.
My girlfriend and I took a chance on this place because we didn't want to wait in line at Outback.
What an amazing find - this restaurant is a GEM.
This is authentic Cuban cuisine; fresh ingredients expertly prepared and seasoned perfectly.
TRY THIS PLACE - YOU'LL LOVE IT.
I came in and saw Dr. Ruona about a month ago for quitting smoking.
I have to tell you that I haven't had one and don't want one.
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too.
Dr. Ruona, if you read this, thank you for helping me get more healthy.
I feel lighter and feel that I have more possibilities open to me now than I did before.
Signs of Saltford - an excellent supplier of value for money signs and banners etc.
Hello my name is Vera and I'm writing a review about my own counseling practice in Bellevue, WA. and in Renton WA.
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems.
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots.
I can't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog Gracee.
The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful and the owner, Mimmy, is an absolute angel.
The mark up is minimal considering that the clothing is hard to find and often shipped for Europe.
While it's not cheap, Alto will give you an experience you'll never forget.
I have lived in Buckingham Condominiums townhouse for 2 years.
I'ma single female and I feel safe coming home at night.
The only problem that I have experienced is the landlord.
Kathy and Stewart, the proprietors were the epitome of perfection.
A friend and I recently took our 16 and 18 month olds here.
It's not the classiest place, but it was cleaner than I expected and the staff was very friendly.
Restored my faith in Mechaincs.
I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should.
I was about to give up when I met Jason and Neal.
They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more.
They have restored my faith in Mechanics.
My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75% tip, and it was worht every penny..
Holly is very experienced and talented, and I could tell she new what she was doing right off the bat.
My hair looks amazing, and I get compliments all the time.
I deffenitly reccomend this salon and Holly to anyone.
So I really felt like this place was extremely outdated especially since the pictures make it look nice and modern.
Great, and probably the only West Indian spot worth hitting up in Nashville.
I was born and raised in Toronto, which has a huge West Indian (Trinidadian, Jamaican, etc) population.
All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food, is add a whole lot of pepper.
The finest Christmas Trees i've ever seen.
I felt like I was in heaven when I walked through the majestic fields of this particular farm.
I especially liked the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owners love of all animals.
This is one of the best farms I have ever been too.
I work as a Transformational Life Coach.
Since this is an alternative therapy I always refer clients to a lisenced therapist when I feel that is appropriate.
That said, I hated this restaurant.
The service was just about as good as I'd get in NYC (that means it was poor) and the food was almost mediocre.
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda.
Bramen Honda was a bit of a hassle.
Mr. Guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor any type of problems.
Brickell Honda has been the best buying experience in the world.
I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a cracked manifold.
Good luck keeping business with that stuck up attitude Dr. Shady.
Dr. Shady is inexperienced and prideful.
She probably does not even have 10% of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this area.
I will be carefully researching vets before I take my dog someplace else.
Beautifully written reviews Doctor, but completely UNTRUE.
I did not have a good experience w/ Dr. Ghassemlou.
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful.
I wish that I hadn't done this.
I have been to Kim at Cheveux for more than five years.
Quaint, lovely, small salon with BIG personality.
I am made to feel special when I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing cut or color experience.
If you cannot park in the lot, then you can park in the shopping center's garage, and walk up to Endo Sushi.
I will NEEEEEEEEEVERRRR go to this place again.
I used Fancy Flowers for my late husband's funeral flowers as they had been recommended to me.
I am so glad that I called in to see Ana, she is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me.
Thank you Ana I hope to see you in the future under better circumstances.
I used to go here almost everyday since I work in the neighbourhood and loved their turkey and meatball sandwiches.
Tourists like the other reviewer might not appreciate their efficiency or quality, but I certainly do.
This isn'ta TGIF or Cafe, its a lunch sandwich place and a good one at that.
The pastor at this church is cool, I met him after some holiday service.
It's historical for Sf, so when your aunte comes for a visit, take her there.
It was a Saturday and my spring was broken...
I said great and Dan arrived on time at 10am to make the repair.
I enjoyed speaking with Dan, and learning more about how the springs are sized for these doors.
I would highly recommend NDI - and will spread the word to my neighbors.
Thanks Dan and Johnette for your responsiveness and professional service.
I had a conversation with the woman running this place in April 2010.
Previous reviewers said they were pushy and I can understand that, but I find the staff more helpful than anything else.
I came in for alterations (free, by the way) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse.
Don't know where else you can find Purple Hull Peas and some of the other sides.
Other Thoughts: Will try this place again.
Their Club sandwich looks tasty, maybe that'll change my mind.... and a different server.
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need.
The management from Julie and Janice to the work staff, esp. Edwin, are just wonderful.
They have been extremely helpful whenever I have asked for help.
Although the apartments are facing Stokes Street and close to the Bascom Light Rail, the location is surprisingly quiet.
The apartments are within walking distance to Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, and other stores.
I'm glad I trusted my gut and didn't get sucked into doing business with them.
If you have been to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this.
Cranmore Dental and Implant Clinic : I could not recommend Dr David Nelson enough.
I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was treated by Dr Nelson.
The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had, and he was right.
Very affordable (don't call it cheap) and their trimmers were quick and courteous when I got home from work.
Yea, Dr. Mann ain't so great.
If you take him here for shots, no big deal but I would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again.
Oh, they also charged me for the procedure ($250) AND had the audacity to charge me a $25 'DISPOSAL' fee.
They actually itemized it as a DISPOSAL fee.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
This place and its sister store Peking Garden are the worst places to order from.
I used to LOVE this place.
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them, they lost my car key.
Wife and I attempted to adopt a dog and was nothing but frustrating.
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked.
You do NOT learn the things you were promised.
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting.
I was told to take my coffee to go if I wanted to finish it.
Oh, and their liquor license was expired so no Bloody Mary or Mimosas.
Go next door to the Ball Square Cafe instead.
Best money I've spent on remodeling ever.
The Award Dance Centre has moved from its Holderness Road site to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hull.
The new Centre has 4 studios planned and now boasts the largest single dance floor area in Kingston upon Hull.
I purchased a 2-year old certified pre-owned BMW from this dealership.
The night I drove back home, I found that the rear window has some leakage.
I admit that I should have paid attention to this kind of little things while test drive.
So I brought the car back the second day.
So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER.
STAY AWAY AS FAR AS POSSIBLE.
After I had chosen The Fountain Dental Practice they provided a slick and professional service from start to finish.
The surgery itself is slick, modern and very relaxed and I always felt that I was in capable hands.
Everyone was so helpful that I cannot wait to go back .....
I had my wedding luncheon at this BJs restaurant, and it was one of the best choices that I made.
I really appreciate BJs for making that special day even better with their wonderful food and service.
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut.
The meal was extremely overpriced and lacked flavor, especially for being a special NYE menu.
The limited menu had few appetizing options and the NYE special packages were way overpriced.
This was a less than impressive experience at Trio's.
First room had used tissues next to the bed and I requested it be rectified.
There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned.
Before using FusionRetail Before installing FusionRetail store was running on a dos based software.
Managing POS counter without barcoding was really a tough time.
FusionRetail helps us to maintain the store in an organised way.
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at.
The weekend was perfect in every way, in large part to Sue and her great staff.
Disatisfied customer, I went through Kitchen Aid and used one of their recommended vendors.
A&E came out, charged $129 fee just to walk in the door.
Their quote came in at half the price of A&E for the same work and same part.
First let me start out by saying, that I have had very nice pedicures at Lovely Nails on Military Road.
I was very excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston, as I live in Youngstown.
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life.
There were four of us and I was taken first by a gentleman.
The office is shared with a foot doctor and it's very sterile and medical feeling, which I liked.
I worked with Andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs.
The sessions were nice and I felt relaxed after them but did not notice any changes with my cycles.
A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30am; yummy fresh Parisian croissants.
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping.
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza, Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market.
We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at the Vintage Hostel again.
Was fast and easy, Just had our car returned this morning, I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure.
They phoned the same day, confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job, I gave the go ahead.
I stopped in today @ Yards Brewery.
I had a sampler of IPA, Brawler, Love Stout & ESA.
All were awesome, & I had a Dogwood Grilled Cheese which was enjoyable with the fine beers.
My wife had taken her '07 Ford Fusion in for a routine oil change.
Took my Cruze in twice for poor fuel economy.
I will never purchace another vehicle from Vic Canever.
I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of need.
Both my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and Mike was very understanding.
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and everyone one of us.
Thank you Mike for all your help professionally and personally.
If you like the drama described in popular sitcom 'Seinfeld', you will see it here.
I had to ask the greeter, he explained his reasons with broken English.
We waited until 2:25 PM and then left.
Well, not much I can say except I'm very disappointed with this experience.
As a yoga studio, I'm sure you're all aware that all actions generate karma .
By the age of 24 I stopped going to the dentist.
It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment.
At the front door of his office, I nearly turned around.
Doctor Gonzales and his entire staff are the most professional people I have ever dealt with.
I would NOT recommend having a party here or even going here.
Billing Issues...
My insurance company, Blue Cross/Blue Shield paid the fees and everything was fine.
Then I got a bill for $483.00.
The office refused my requests to see what they got from BC/BS.
Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe, the office staff is rude to boot.
We have been blessed to find Elite Flyers online and would not use anyone else to handle our postcards, posters, etc.
They have the best rates and GREAT customer service.
Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and "There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck".
Papeluna, a cute Mom/Pop custom printing and paper store, just opened a few days ago.
I popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks.
On a recent event quote that I had done, they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition.
This is THE premier university in Virginia.
VCU has the #1 art school in America, and EXCELS in healthcare and medical schooling.
VCU is also minutes from Downtown Richmond, Canal Walk, Carytown, Stony Point, Short Pump, and the VCU Medical Center.
It is the best university in Virginia and continuously receives rave reviews every year.
I enjoyed my time at Franklin High School.
Many students went to Rutgers, including their top-ranked pharmacy program.
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college, but you need to work hard.
I have been eating Cuban for a long time, sandwiches mainly along with other dishes..
They don't speak the best English but enough to get by.
They bake bread fresh daily, they don't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it, and the meat is always fresh.
I have been going to Warner Family for a number of years and would highly recommend it to anyone.
Wouldn't go back as there are a lot of places A LOT better and cheaper.
Hot Iron has become a favorite of our family.
Meats are kept VERY cold, seafood smells fresh and the serving bar is VERY clean.
Prices are reasonable, (Kids meals are around 4.99) and Wednesday's they have discount dinner prices, I believe.
I experienced a Definite Decrease in food craving (about 50%) and decrease in stress after the 1st treatment.
What I like most about Dr. Liau is that she is very caring.
I am SO GLAD to have found Dr. Liau.
Now I feel more confident wearing my bathing suit in the summer.
For a long time, one big source of entertainment missing from the Richmond City Limits was a first-run multiplex.
The theatre is in an old brick warehouse, which is a block away from the Flying Squirrels stadium.
The owners of Bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there.
But if you like going to the movies, you should love Bowtie.
I am a proud owner of a brand new 2010 Hyundai Genesis.
I thouhgt it would be out of my price range but they really worked with me and now I couldnt be happier.
Jeff and Craig are really good at what they do and know exactly how to treat a customer.
The cost was certainly reasonable and I will continue my patronage of The Laundry Tub in the future.
I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well Romeo and My family was treated.
In this day its rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash.
I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals.
Infact I look forward to taking my animals to the vet simply because of how my animals and I are treated.
I'ma regular at the HH.
The service is solicitous, the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out-of-place flat-screen TV playing football.
But I'd go elsewhere unless the prices are cut.
I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007.
After checking for signs of fire or smoke and seeing none, I decided to just pack up and leave.
The desk agent actually argued with me, claiming that no such alarm had gone off (as if I would make that up?).
He finally admitted that only the 4 ADA room alarms had sounded, so only 4 guests were effected (no big deal to him).
The moving company is actualy based in Brooklyn, but advertised all over NY/NJ, including Fort Lee.
The only reason I'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2, I should admit, nothing was broken.
So I still can recomend them but prepare pay twice as much as they tell you initially.
You have to pay CASH ONLY before they start unloading track on your destination.
Then, the more power they gave to Linda, the worse the place got.
I have worked with Ted Jurek at Decor and You, and it started out as a decent experience.
I figure I would give this company a chance.
However, after giving a required $500.00 (NON REFUNDABLE) deposit before seeing any plans or ideas, I was sorry I did.
We met a couple of weeks later, Ted was late.
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with, there was basically no design.
Please everyone....take heed and don't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget...
I came to find out the person was the hotel OWNER also.
My friend and I were to stay here for a girls night, catch up on our lives evening.
Unfortunalty my husband and I had to put our 13 year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this.
My friend called the hotel to cancel our room as soon as I called her.
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still wouldn't budge.
Times are hard, I know, but they had no compassion.
In one of the emails I attached the letter from the Vet's that expressed their sympathy, this hotel did nothing.
I even emailed Mackinaw Tourist and nothing.
Ok I am a New Yorker who has been going to school in Oxford, England.
I thought the UK was completely devoid of good NYC style pizza.
I thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant, and I have to get a whole pie.
I thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC.
Well then I went on a trip to Glasgow and was walking around.
I saw this place and it looked like the HOLY GRAIL.
I knew I had found the real deal, big pies, sold by the slice, with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front.
So I ordered a slice.
It tasted like I just flew back home.
I dunno how they did it, but Scottish friends--- this is THE REAL DEAL.
I congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making NYC pizza because these Scots fcking nailed it.
That being said, I don't know how their delivery service is.
We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner We received a gift certificate for the Mama Mia's on Greenfield Ave.
I then asked if I could have money back in cash.
Sorry for interrupting I guess.
The cashier was also short, unapologetic and made me feel as I was wasting her time.
I will not be visiting Mama Mia's again.
TEXAS ROADHOUSE HAS VERY GOOD MEALS, THAT THE MEAT COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONES.
IT HAS VERY GOOD PRICES.
ON A BAD NOTE THE WAITING AREA IS NOT ENJOYABLE OR ENOUGH SEATS.
ALSO, THERE SHOULD NOT BE PEANUTS ALL OVER THE FLOOR.
NEXT, THERE SHOULD ONLY BE ONE PERSON BRINGING YOU YOUR FOOD.
ITS NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT.
I HAD TO ASK THE GIRL WHO BROUGHT MY FOOD AND SHE NEVER CAME BACK TO LET ME KNOW.
I HAD TO WAIT FOR MY WAITRESS.
WHEN YOU FIRST COME IN THE HOSTESS IS NOT VERY FRIENDLY,THERE IS JUST A BUNCH OF WORKERS STANDING THERE.
I WAS THERE ON MARCH 6TH, 2009.
I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008, WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT.
IN MY OPINION SHOULD OF JUST TOOK OFF THE PRICE OF THE WINGS FROM THE BILL.
This was back between '05 and '09 and I don't remember how many times we've had it delivered.
I sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 XF.
Michael Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check it out.
I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael.
He showed me the car I was interested in and we took a test drive.
I loved the car so we began negotiating my trade-in and the price of the 09 XF.
That's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3.
Parking spaces are just big enough for a Mini Cooper.
It sucked having an SUV.
If I found a spot, I couldnt fit in it.
It was 4:50 when a friend told me to call Bud, he would take care of me.
Not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a Thursday, they hit the ground moving!.
They were back quickly considering how far outside of Murfreesboro we were and had us on our way by 6:30 that evening.
Thanks Bud for all of your help and taking time away from your family that evening.
Service and Client base not ok.
He was in the process of making me a pie and when I got home, the pie was the worst I have ever seen.
THIS STORY IS 100% TRUE.
I have gotten better results talking to COMCAST customer service than with these folks.
And don't even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is, and pardon my French, a jerk.
I suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging Burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even Taco Mac.
SHE KNOWS GREAT FOOD AND DINING EXPERIENCES.
Unlike Saratoga.
In general I would say that the staff is attentive and nice.
But then again I was nice to them so that could have been why.
If you want miracles you'll have to go to 21st St.
I recently traveled to Canada on business and had a most excellent experience.
From my first encounter at check in to my regrettable check out I found the staff and facility to exceed my expectation.
Yes the parking can be a challenge but being from NJ I am no stranger to tight corners.
Favorite place in Tampa.
Update: I had to add to my review.
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner.
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try.
He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work.
I had Hom-Excel replace most of the windows in my Tampa residence three years ago.
The excellent windows have performed without any problems, but that's not why I'm writing my review.
We were booked at the Sheraton with a number of other out-of-town wedding guests.
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks.
After that, I just tried to ignore his lack of professionalism and test drive the car.
For instance I asked who owned Mazda and he said with confidence that was GM, which isn't true.
This is by far the worst chinese food I have ever had.
I will NEVER go here again.
Lucky Panda in Willis is a billion times better in service and quality of the meal.
One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a auto repair shop.
At no time during the conversation did the words, "I'm sorry" ever come out of his mouth.
I, nor anyone else in my family, will ever go to Sun Devil Auto again.
I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced.
I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off.
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace.
I took the original piece of metal and rigged it to make due since I had to complete the job.
I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back.
I explained I did not get what I paid for.
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job.
I said I was going to trash it also and could I at least have a credit.
With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS.
DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.
I would NEVER recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner's own unprofessionalism.
The locker room is certainly lacking - I would never shower or change there.
They need to update the locker rooms ASAP.
Right out of college I called the salon and explained my situation.
I had this ridiculous celebrity stylist from LA named Derrick.
What was I supposed to do, say I can't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair.
Derrick did a terrible job, was a complete jerk the entire time, and I had no warning as to the price.
It was the salon experience from absolutely Hell.
Working with Rod Jacobsen was my first experience working with a CPA, so I did not know what to expect.
However, then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible for.
I wasn't going to use them again, but I was going to leave it at that.
I may not have to pay a penalty, yet, but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired these guys.
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place.
Because they cut me good deals if I paid in cash.
Then one day, Ahmed left the country, not to return for months, WITHOUT informing me.
The other person working at the store didn't know that I still had this table coming.
It has been 3 weeks and I STILL don't have my table (which was NOT cheap, I might add).
My experience with Home Delivery Service has been one of disappointment and anger.
If I could give them a lower rating than poor I would.
On August 21st, 2009 I ordered furniture from Hickory Furniture Mart and contracted for HDS to deliver it.
The customer service at Home Delivery Service was terrible let alone their promise to proper set up furniture.
So I am in limbo regarding a bedroom suite.
I called the school most probably 10 times before I finally enrolled in a 20 hour package.
I thought of canceling the lesson once again because I didn't feel comfortable driving an SUV.
Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why don't we give it shot.
Here I am now driving confidently on my own.
Gerry, I can't thank you enough for helping me cope with my fear.
But we don't just like House of Joy WE LOVE IT.
They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted.
We also love their Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls.
We are from Virginia and just moved here a year ago.
I had a surgery date of July 17, 2008.
A Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed.
I would suggest not avoiding Second Home based on the 'bad experience' review.
They say no, Warwick in New Jersey, Call New Jersey.
I laugh and say, no, that Warwick is in New York, but I'm at the Radison-Warwick.
I say, NO, I am at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square.
He says: I not know that town, I have to get to work, I'm in PHILLY.
He says, I have to have an exact ADDRESS.
OK, 1701 LOCUST STREET i say.
YES I am sure, well, she says, is that ON 17th STREET.
Yes, I say.
I am just south of Walnut.
She says, Is that 17th like over past broad.
YES, I am west of broad.
Broad, I say, is 14th street and I am 3 blocks west of broad and one south of walnut.
Anyway, after much yelling and cussing I hung up, grabbed a cab, and went to Geno's.
B&B came out very quickly to give us our quote back in June.
I called the "207" number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up.
They had a room with a $99 rate, which I booked.
We returned after 3PM, found no one there, and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room.
The Inn touts a shower with dual shower heads, but only one worked.
They are RIGHT OFF the kitchen so you hear everything.
I'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $99, but I wouldn't pay their rack rate.
Dessert was... hmmm, that's interesting, I don't even remember dessert.
And my--no, I still don't remember what I had.
PS) When we called for a reservation, we were told that 5:00 and 9:30 were their only openings.
MUST READ - Do not waste your time in this store.
So, as I was leaving I asked for the designer/dress name or style number associated with my top picks.
Whatever type of operation they are running, I'm not interested and if you're smart, you won't be either.
What a waste of TIME.
My point: Even if I was wrong, don't sit there and argue with the customer.
Say something like, "Huh.
Other shops around this city have MUCH NICER and more TRANSPARENT owners.
I brought my car in on a Sunday to replace a shredded tire.
Once inside, I had to stand around for at least 10 more minutes before--FINALLY-- a technician got to me.
Once I returned to pick up my car, you can believe I spent quite a bit MORE time standing around waiting.
Once I actually got back in my car, it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel.
OK, one bad experience...fine.
The following Friday, I returned with my car to go ahead and replace the other 3 tires, which were worn.
I would not have gone back, but I couldn't find the particular tire they'd used in stock anywhere else.
Once again, I waited for quite a bit before being attended to.
I got the order completed, and then questioned the technician since it came out about $40 less than I expected.
So I pointed this out to him, at which point he said they only had one of the correct tires in stock.
So I got just my other rear tire replaced.
They promised it'd be done within an hour, so I waited in the lobby.
Of course, they would be closing in 5 minutes, so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day.
Of course I couldn't make it back in time (and they apparently could not stay 5 extra minutes to wait for me).
On Monday I called and again it was a big to-do to find anyone who knew anything about it.
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening, but I'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal.
This mode conforms closely to the ANSI-89 Level 1 specification , but is not ANSI-89 Level 1 compliant .
This mode conforms closely to the ANSI-92 Level 1 specification , but is not ANSI-92 Level 1 compliant .
This query mode has more of the ANSI syntax , and the wildcard characters conform to the SQL specification .
In Microsoft Access 2000 using ADOX , you could programmatically create queries that used ANSI-92 SQL syntax .
ANSI-89 is the only query mode setting available for a database in Access 2000 file format .
In Microsoft Access , you can use a connection file to bind one or more data access pages to a data source .
A file format that uses HTML and XML to store the connection information .
A page created using Microsoft Access 2000 must be converted before it can be used with Access 2002 .
Microsoft Access provides several techniques to help you analyze data .
A PivotTable list is an interactive table that you can use to analyze data dynamically from within a Web browser .
The following illustration shows a PivotTable list on the Orders data access page .
Access 2002 provides a PivotTable view for datasheets and forms .
The following illustration shows the Employees table in PivotTable view .
For example , when you move a Product field to the filter area , you can display data for one product at a time .
A filter field is similar to a page field in a Microsoft Excel PivotTable report .
The following illustration shows the Orders page with two group levels .
The inner group level contains fields from the OrderDetails table and a calculated control named Value .
The following illustration shows the data outline for the Orders page .
The hyperlink in this topic goes to the Web .
You can switch back to Help at any time .
This makes it difficult to allow other users to gain access to the Access project .
You can change the security mode for accessing the SQL Server database on a computer running Windows NT .
The administrator of the SQL Server can also add additional security by changing the default SA account password .
In order for the Enable system administrator ( SA ) user name check box to be enabled , the following must be true .
The SQL Server database must be running on a Windows NT platform .
The SQL Server must be running on the same computer as the Access project .
The current SQL Server user must be a member of the System Administrator role .
Some of the hyperlinks in this topic go to the Web .
XML is a data interchange format in that it allows you to exchange data between dissimilar systems or applications .
XML is a standards-based protocol that is governed by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) .
In addition , XML defined structures are unambiguous ; that is , they are self-describing and platform-independent .
Additional information about XML can be found on the web site .
XML makes it easier to transform the data from almost any external application for use by Access .
Use an Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformation ( XSLT ) file to transform the data into an Access data format .
You can only import a single document at a time into Access .
The data must be in a format that Access recognizes , either in a native format or through the use of a schema .
A CSS merely allows you to specify the formatting of each XML element without much control over the output .
Internet Explorer has a default , built-in style sheet that displays the XML source as a (collapsible|expandable) tree .
XSLT is an XML-based language that allows one XML document to be mapped , or transformed , into another XML document .
This gives the developer considerable control over the output of the XML data .
In Access , you can export the data , the schema ( data structure ) , or both , to XML files .
Export data to an XML file and , optionally , use an XSLT to transform the data to another format .
Export the data schema using XML Schema standard ( XSD ) .
Export the data behind forms and reports to an XML file .
You can export just the data from a table , query , datasheet , form , or report into an XML file .
If you select to save the schema as XSD , the file is saved as .xsd .
When you export a table to an XML document , you can also export related tables .
If no .xsl file is specified , the data is saved in standard XML format .
The ReportML file can be used to convert the saved data into a data access page .
Any XML document produced by Access is well-formed , which means that it conforms to the basic rules of XML .
Each XML document must have a unique root element ( an element encompassing the entire document ) .
XML tags are case-sensitive .
Access ReportML will not write out any empty tags .
The declaration is optional but is recommended in any XML document .
The apostrophe has a special purpose in an XML document and can be misinterpreted if used directly in the text .
To view and modify the contents of a PivotTable view by using Excel , you can export the PivotTable view to Excel .
Excel PivotTable reports can not display detail fields .
For information about differences between PivotTable lists and Excel PivotTable reports , see Excel Help .
You can also copy data displayed in a PivotTable view to other programs , such as Microsoft FrontPage .
Also , you can set the line style of borders . For example , you can specify that a border consists of dashes or dots .
For example , you can group the LastName field by first letter to create groups , such as A , B , and so on .
Dates prior to 01-Jul-1999 are grouped into a single group titled 01-Jul-1999 .
Dates that fall after 31-Dec-1999 are grouped into a single group titled 31-Dec-1999 .
This would add a new row field named Promotions 2 above the Promotions row field with two members : Group1 and Other .
You can change the caption of Group 1 to Fixed and Promotions 2 to Category in the Properties dialog box .
After you do this , the Category field will have three members : Fixed , Popular , and Other .
On the Format menu , click Group .
While holding down the ALT key , click the line you want to move .
Press CTRL  V to paste the line .
The aggregate functions wo n't include records containing blank ( Null ) values in their calculations .
For example , the Count function returns a count of all the records without Null values .
For more information , see the Microsoft Office 2002 Resource Kit .
You use the License Package Authoring Tool to create an appropriate license file for pages .
For more information , see MSDN Online .
The two ANSI SQL query modes , ANSI-89 and ANSI-92 , are not compatible .
Converting an Access database set to ANSI-92 SQL query mode from 2002 file format to 2000 or 97 file format .
ANSI-92 SQL query mode is only supported in the 2002 file format .
To avoid confusion , ensure that aliases and column names are always unique in an SQL statement .
If it finds a matching value name , Access loads the reference from the path specified in the corresponding value data .
Application folder containing the application ( the folder where Msaccess.exe is located ) .
System folders ( the System and System32 folders located in the Windows or WINNT folder ) .
PATH environment variable .
The folder that contains the Access file , and any subfolders located in that folder .
If Access still ca n't find the reference after performing this search , you must fix the reference manually .
Subforms and subreports on a form or report are not converted when you carry out the Save As command .
While creating the page , Access will change control names that are not unique .
Pictures in a form or report are converted to bitmaps and placed in a folder named " Images " .
However , you can open the page in Design view and change the property settings .
As for Quinn , there is little that need detain us .
In the past , Quinn had been more ambitious .
It was then that he had taken on the name of William Wilson .
The next morning , Quinn woke up earlier than he had in several weeks .
It was n't his appointment , it was Paul Auster 's .
At Madison Avenue he turned right and went south for a block , then turned left and saw where he was .
If all this is really happening , he said , then I must keep my eyes open .
For some reason , Quinn had not expected this , and it threw him off track .
Mr Auster ? A tentative smile ; a questioning tilt to the head .
That 's right , said Quinn .
I 'm Virginia Stillman , the woman began .
The appointment was for ten , said Quinn , glancing at his watch .
She opened the door for Quinn .
He remembered now that Mrs. Stillman had told him to wait there while she went to find her husband .
Then he thought about what Max Work might have been thinking , had he been there .
Quinn stood up from the sofa and turned around , expecting to see Mrs. Stillman .
Uncannily , in that first moment , Quinn thought of his own dead son .
He said not a word as he made his way to his seat , nor did he acknowledge Quinn 's presence .
Everything about Peter Stillman was white .
It was as though Stillman 's presence was a command to be silent .
Stillman settled slowly into his chair and at last turned his attention to Quinn .
As their eyes met , Quinn suddenly felt that Stillman had become invisible .
It occurred to Quinn that perhaps Stillman was blind .
Yes . No . Thank you .
I am Peter Stillman .
I say this of my free will . Yes .
That is not my real name . No .
But nothing can be done about that . No . About that . No , no . Not anymore .
Or else I will not tell you .
At the corner of 72nd Street and Madison Avenue , he waved down a cab .
After the cab had dropped him off in front of his house , Quinn realized that he was hungry .
It was strange , he thought , how quickly time had passed in the Stillman apartment .
He shrugged at the discrepancy and said to himself , I must learn to look at my watch more often .
A tall Puerto Rican man in a white cardboard chef 's hat stood behind the counter .
He sat there impassively , reading the night-owl edition of the next morning 's Daily News .
As the counterman swung into action , he spoke over his shoulder to Quinn .
For several years Quinn had been having the same conversation with this man , whose name he did not know .
They were both Mets fans , and the hopelessness of that passion had created a bond between them .
First two times up , Kingsman hits solo shots , he said . Boom , boom . Big mothers  all the way to the moon .
Pittsburgh gets men on second and third , one out , so the Mets go to the bullpen for Allen .
The Mets bring the corners in for a force at home , or maybe they can get the double play if it 's hit up the middle .
Pena comes up and chicken-shits a little grounder to first and the fucker goes through Kingman 's legs .
Two men score , and that 's it , bye-bye New York .
Dave Kingman is a turd , said Quinn , biting into his hamburger .
But watch out for Foster , said the counterman .
They should ship him back to Cincinatti by express mail .
But they 'll be tough . Better than last year , anyway .
They have minor leaguers at second and short , and Brooks ca n't keep his mind on the game .
There 's still Rusty , of course , but he 's too fat to run anymore .
You and I could go over to Shea tomorrow and get hired as the top two starters .
You bet your bottom dollar , said Quinn .
After he finished eating , Quinn wandered over to the stationery shelves .
Now that he had embarked on the Stillman case , he felt that a new notebook was in order .
He made it to Grand Central well in advance .
If that were the case , and Stillman managed to elude him , it would mean that Virginia Stillman was responsible .
If Stillman did not show up , Quinn would go straight to 69th Street and confront Virginia Stillman with what he knew .
He wandered through the station , then , as if inside the body of Paul Auster , waiting for Stillman to appear .
He wondered if the young Auster had been any better at it than he was .
The scene that month showed a street in some New England fishing village , perhaps Nantucket .
Look at it through Auster 's eyes , he said to himself , and do n't think of anything else .
Then , suddenly , with great clarity and precision , he saw Bartleby 's window and the blank brick wall before him .
The deaf mute nodded once very briefly and then moved on , leaving Quinn with the pen in his hand .
Quinn smiled weakly . No problem , he said .
The girl shrugged . I 've read better and I 've read worse .
Yeah , he 's smart . But he talks too much .
It passes the time , I guess .
Anyway , it 's no big deal . It 's just a book .
Once again , however , Stillman 's face told him nothing .
But that did little good . In spite of what he had been expecting of himself at this moment , he was excited .
Each time an elderly man approached , he braced himself for it to be Stillman .
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .
What Stillman did on these walks remained something of a mystery to Quinn .
As he walked , Stillman did not look up .
It made Quinn think of an archeologist inspecting a shard at some prehistoric ruin .
As far as Quinn could tell , the objects Stillman collected were valueless .
Other than picking up objects from the street , Stillman seemed to do nothing .
It was in the park , too , that Stillman rested .
In the afternoon , often following his lunch , he would sit on a bench and gaze out across the Hudson .
Once , on a particularly warm day , Quinn saw him sprawled out on the grass asleep .
This was confirmed by Virginia Stillman , whom Quinn called each night after returning home .
But that would assume he was aware of being watched , and Quinn felt that was unlikely .
Either Stillman knew what he was doing or he did n't .
This meant that he was constantly in danger of quickening his pace and crashing into Stillman from behind .
The first was to tell himself that he was no longer Daniel Quinn .
To be Auster meant being a man with no interior , a man with no thoughts .
His job had been to protect Peter , not to follow Stillman .
He could suggest to Virginia Stillman that she get an unlisted telephone number .
If that failed , she and Peter could move .
Once he had taken the leap into that name , he had stopped thinking about Auster himself .
If this man was as good a detective as the Stillmans thought he was , perhaps he would be able to help with the case .
Quinn would make a clean breast of it , Auster would forgive him , and together they would work to save Peter Stillman .
He looked through the yellow pages for the Auster Detective Agency .
There was one Paul Auster in Manhattan , living on Riverside Drive  not far from Quinn 's own house .
Since Auster did not have an office , that meant he worked at home .
As he walked up Riverside Drive , he became aware of the fact that he was no longer following Stillman .
That 's why I rang the buzzer without asking who it was .
I 'm Paul Auster , said the man .
I wonder if I could talk to you . It 's quite important .
I hardly know myself . Quinn gave Auster an honest look .
It 's complicated , I 'm afraid . Very complicated .
I 'm sorry . Of course I do . Quinn .
I know that name from somewhere . He went silent again , straining harder to dredge up the answer .
I used to be , said Quinn .
But I have n't written poems for a long time now .
I think the title was Unfinished Business .
Yes . That was me .
I 'm still here . Sort of .
Auster opened the door wider and gestured for Quinn to enter the apartment .
Was it some kind of literary thing you wanted to talk about ? Auster began .
No , said Quinn .
I wish it was . But this has nothing to do with literature .
I came here looking for Paul Auster , the private detective .
The what ? Auster laughed , and in that laugh everything was suddenly blown to bits .
He must just as well have asked for Chief Sitting Bull  the effect would have been no different .
That might be , said Auster .
But I 'm not a detective .
A writer ? Quinn spoke the word as though it were a lament .
I 'm sorry . Auster said .
These words came as a great relief to Quinn , as if , at long last , the burden was no longer his alone .
You see , said Quinn , I 'm not making it up . I even have proof .
He took out his wallet and removed the five-hundred-dollar check that Virginia Stillman had written two weeks earlier .
He handed it to Auster . You see , he said .
Well , it 's yours , said Quinn .
It 's of no use to me . Quinn looked around the apartment and gestured vaguely .
Buy yourself some more books . Or a few toys for your kid .
You deserve to have it yourself . Auster paused for a moment .
There 's one thing I 'll do for you , though .
Since the check is in my name , I 'll cash it for you .
All right ? Auster asked .
I 've never heard of the Stillmans .
Yes , said Quinn after a long silence .
He had been there almost an hour , and the time was approaching for his call to Virginia Stillman .
This Auster was the first intelligent person he had spoken to in a long time .
He had read Quinn 's old work , he had admired it , he had been looking forward to more .
In spite of everything , it was impossible for Quinn not to feel glad of this .
At last , Auster gave a little shrug , which seemed to acknowledge that they had come to an impasse .
This time , however , Quinn found nothing interesting inside his head .
To prove that he was not a self-obsessed ingrate , he began to question Auster about his writing .
One of my favourite books , said Quinn .
I suppose you can call it speculative , since I 'm not really out to prove anything .
An imaginative reading , I guess you could say .
It mostly has to do with the authorship of the book . Who wrote it , and how it was written .
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .
The book , he says , was written in Arabic by Cid Hamete Benengali .
Cervantes describes how he discovered the manuscript by chance one day in the market at Toledo .
In some sense , Don Quixote was just a stand-in for himself .
But Cid Hamete , the acknowledged author , never makes an appearance .
Yes , I see what you 're getting at .
The theory I present in the essay is that he is actually a combination of four different people .
Sancho Panza is of course the witness .
There 's no other candidate  since he is the only one who accompanies Don Quixote on all his adventures .
On the other hand , we know that Sancho has a great gift for language .
To cure Don Quixote of his madness .
The Knight of the Sad Countenance does not give up his obsessions .
Yes . But there 's one last twist .
Don Quixote , in my view , was not really mad .
Remember : throughout the book Don Quixote is preoccupied by the question of posterity .
It was Don Quixote who engineered the Benengali quartet .
And not only did he select the authors , it was probably he who translated the Arabic manuscript back into Spanish .
I like to imagine that scene in the marketplace at Toledo .
Cervantes hiring Don Quixote to decipher the story of Don Quixote himself .
In my opinion , Don Quixote was conducting an experiment .
The man was obviously enjoying himself , but the precise nature of that pleasure eluded Quinn .
Quinn was about to say something in response to Auster 's theory , but he was not given the chance .
He rose from his seat , excused himself to Quinn , and walked quickly towards the door .
Good afternoon , said Quinn .
In his left hand he held a red object that Quinn could not identify .
Siri ca n't do it . And I do n't know how .
Quinn was rewinding the spool for another attempt when Auster and his wife entered the room .
It was too much for Quinn .
Auster saw the yoyo in his hands and said , I see you 've already met .
Daniel , he said to the boy , this is Daniel .
That 's right , said Quinn .
The wife smiled her smile , said she was glad to meet Quinn as though she meant it , and then extended her hand to him .
He shook it , feeling the uncanny slenderness of her bones , and asked if her name was Norwegian .
Indirectly , she said . By way of Northfield , Minnesota .
And then she laughed her laugh , and Quinn felt a little more of himself collapse .
It 's June second , he told himself .
This is New York , and tomorrow will be June third .
The hour had long since passed for his call to Virginia Stillman , and he debated whether to go through with it .
He could go to Paris , for example .
Once again , he debated whether to call Virginia Stillman .
For the next hour Quinn alternated between dialing and waiting , always with the same result .
In the top of the third St. Louis scored on a walk , a stolen base , an infield out , and a sacrifice fly .
The Mets matched that run in their half of the inning on a double by Wilson and a single by Youngblood .
In the top of the fourth St. Louis scored five runs , and Quinn turned off the picture as well .
Then he called Virginia Stillman and got another busy signal .
In his dream , which he later forgot , he found himself walking down Broadway , holding Auster 's son by the hand .
I take the middle seat , which I dislike , but I am not really put out .
Our Hasid is in his late twenties .
She says this in so ringing a voice that I retreat .
Not so the merry-minded Hasidim , exulting everywhere .
Anticipating a difficulty , I ask the stewardess to serve me a kosher lunch .
Her big British eyes are affronted and her bosom has risen with indignation .
Amused , my wife asks why I ordered the kosher lunch .
But after three hours of security exercises at Heathrow I am hungry .
The young Hasid recoils when the tray is handed to me .
He says , " I must talk to you .
You must be a Jew , we are speaking Yiddish .
Here I 'm obliged to lie .
We are all Hasidim there .
The boss is a Hasid .
I came from Israel five years ago to be married in New Jersey .
Shrugging , he gives up and I turn to the twice disagreeable chicken and eat guiltily , my appetite spoiled .
The young Hasid opens his prayer book .
This is what has held the Jews together for thousands of years .
I knew that he was an innocent but I would never have believed him to be ignorant of such a thing .
Silent , I give his case some thought .
Busy-minded people , with their head-culture that touches all surfaces , have heard of Einstein .
These Hasidim choose not to know .
By and by I open a paperback and try to lose myself in mere politics .
A dozen Hasidim in the lavatory queue stare down at us .
In me he sees what deformities the modern age can produce in the seed of Abraham .
In him I see a piece of history , an antiquity .
But then Israel is something else again .
We are staying in Jerusalem as guests of the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , the dwellings of serenity .
The Archbishop is , to use an old word , a portly man .
In the Archbishop 's drawing room are golden icons .
Middle-aged Armenians serve drinks and wait on us .
In French , in English , in Hebrew , and occasionally in Russian .
He and Kollek discuss seasonings .
Alexanian said to Pablo Casals after a performance of some of the suites , You made three bad mistakes .
But I succeed in suppressing this a triumph over myself .
Seeking common ground with my wife ( a laudable desire ) , he tells her that he too is Rumanian by origin .
He can safely say this , for his family came to France in the seventeenth century .
What is all important is to be French , or to have been French for a good long time .
And French he definitely is .
But I can see that the Archbishop gives him bad marks for lighting up after the main course .
It contains the head of Saint James the brother of John and many relics .
The house of Annas , in which Jesus was questioned and struck , is within the compound .
The church 's manuscript collection is the largest outside Soviet Armenia .
He sits down , saying that the influence of Yasir Arafat is evidently weakening and fading .
Then someone says that it ca n't be long now before the Russians write Arafat off .
Most of the dinner guests agree that Russia 's internal difficulties are so grave it may have to draw away from Syria .
To avoid collapse the Russians may be driven into a war with China .
Secretary-of-State Henry Kissinger has won the Middle Eastern struggle by drawing Egypt into the American camp .
The Russians are in disarray , perhaps in retreat .
Tolstoi made this clear in the opening pages of War and Peace .
Tatu agrees with the Archbishop about the Russians .
So that , as they say in Chicago , is where the smart money is .
The Vatican is the next topic and receives similar treatment .
Some Armenian prelates have joined us for coffee and take part in the discussion .
Someone observes that the Church is a worshiper of success and always follows the majorities .
See what it is doing now in the Warsaw Pact countries , it is making deals with the Communists .
Rather , says one of the prelates , he would stay in Rome and become Party secretary .
The intellectual leaders of the Enlightenment were decidedly anti-Semitic .
Eugene Ionescu gave the editors one copy of it ; another was handed to them by Manes Sperber , the novelist .
Since 1973 , Le Monde has openly taken the side of the Arabs in their struggle with Israel .
It is friendlier to Amin than to Rabin .
A recent review of the autobiography of a fedayeen speaks of the Israelis as colonialists .
Le Monde gloated over this reversal .
Rhodesians and South Africans , said Le Monde , were toasting the Israelis in champagne .
But European approval of the raid would endanger the plans of France for a new international order .
The air , the very air , is thought-nourishing in Jerusalem , the Sages themselves said so .
He leads me from the Gai-Hinnom up to an ancient Karaite burial ground , where you can see the mingling for yourself .
Gray and sunken , in the thoughts of Mr Bloom in Joyce 's Ulysses .
The municipality has turned the Gai-Hinnom into a park .
You can be absolutely sure , says Shahar , that the Prophet Jeremiah passed this way .
I find in Elie Kedourie 's Arabic Political Memoirs facts unknown to most about American diplomacy in the late forties .
Certainly I did n't know them .
Failing in Syria , the Americans went to work in Egypt .
Gliding into a new political realm , the Americans arranged for loans to the Egyptian government .
This is Leninism , neat , with neither ice nor bitters .
We must now believe that the same romantic conviction has been alive somewhere in the offices of J Walter Thompson .
The United States is , after all , the prime revolutionary country .
As if America 's two-hundred-year record of liberal democracy signified nothing .
The New Left sees it as a reactionary small country .
It is occasionally denounced by some Israelis as corrupt , " Levantine , " theocratic .
Gossip traces the worst of the Israeli financial swindles to the most observant of Orthodox Jews .
I speak of this to Shahar .
Even in November the place is uncomfortably warm .
The Jordanians built a road over Jewish graves .
The municipality of Jerusalem is planning to build a new road and will tear the Jordanian one up .
Parties of American girls come down the slope in their dungarees , with sweaters tied by their sleeves about the waist .
Above , to the left , a Muslim cemetery .
The great Golden Gate that will open when the Redeemer appears stands sealed .
Just beyond , the Garden of Gethsemane .
Now pines , cypresses , and eucalyptus trees grow there below the domes of the Russian Orthodox church .
Opposite it there are olives still , which Arabs are harvesting with long poles .
Instead , there are boys stern and joyous , galloping hell-bent on their donkeys toward the Lion s' Gate .
And a few days later , on the barrenness of Judea , " whitish mildew pervading whole tracts of landscape .
Village of Lepers houses facing the wall Zion .
Anwar Sadat 's American visit .
You have to discuss this with Israelis before they will consent to talk about anything else .
These visitors are sometimes treated as if they were the heroes of an Arabian Night s' tale .
If it covered ball games as badly as it reviews books , the fans would storm it like the Bastille .
To dissident Russian writers like Lev Navrozov , the Americans can never be a match for the Russians .
Perhaps there is a certain Vautrin-admiring romanticism in this .
If Hobbes is too nifty an authority , let us think of the social views of Jimmy Hoffa .
Or of Lenin , as Navrozov accurately characterizes him .
And this is what America , bubbling with political illusions , is up against .
So , at least , Navrozov thinks .
Perhaps Alexander Solzhenitsyn agrees with him in part .
My own cousin , Nota Gordon , two years out of the Soviet Union , says to me , " You are no match for them .
Nota held the rank of captain in the Russian army and fought the Germans until 1945 .
He has , besides , the gold crowns of Russian dental art .
No explanations necessary , " says Nota .
They have failed to extend their influence in Europe .
Their attempts to ingratiate themselves with India and other neutralist nations have gained them little .
The Arabs have shown no inclination toward Communist ideology and their oil continues to flow to the West .
I copy this out for my own entertainment a specimen of illusionless American political analysis .
These views , no substitute for common sense , are based upon careful staff work at the Hudson Institute .
The Messrs. Kahn and Bruce Briggs say in a prefatory note that their book is " basically an organizational product .
Your emotional reactions to any piece of news about an Israeli casualty , a plane shot down , are pre-determined .
E E Cummings , locked up by the French government , finds his aesthetic paradise in the detention camp of Ferte Mace .
The bravest of modern writers are the Mandelstams and the Sinyavskys .
Andrei Sinyavsky , in his prison journal , concentrates on art .
My friend John Auerbach comes up from Caesarea to see me .
I had been warned that as I grew older the difficulty of forming new friendships would be great .
On the contrary , I find it much easier now at sixty to draw near to people .
He loves books passionately , he wants to discuss American literature , to hear marvelous things from me .
But I can see that the big current of his suffering has begun to run heavily .
When the war ended he came to Israel via Cyprus , joined Kibbutz Sdot Yam , married , and had two children .
He says , " I ask myself in what ways my life has not been typical .
The cargo on the voyage from which he has just returned was Dead Sea potash .
They were to bring home Italian steel .
Everybody has some con going , says John , who loves American slang .
The home office in Haifa was trying to get protection from the insurance company .
The German tourists had gone home , the bathing cabins were nailed shut .
Part of the American Sixth Fleet was anchored nearby .
The aircraft carrier John F Kennedy , with its helicopters , reminded John of the death of his son .
One of the boys was from Oklahoma , near Tulsa .
He had heard of Israel , but only just , and he was not especially interested .
Back at sea , John had to stand double watches in the engine room because he was shorthanded .
Off duty , he read in his cabin and chatted with his confidante , Mississippi .
They shut the owl in the paint locker while they debated what to do with it , and in the night John set it free .
It 's the water pumped into the tanks for ballast and then pumped out again that pollutes the seas , says John .
He spoke as a Jew to a Jew about Jewish powers of speech .
A new explosion outside a coffee shop on the Jaffa Road : six young people killed and thirty-eight more wounded .
To be sure , many Israelis refuse to admit that this historic uneasiness has not been eliminated .
The sea-reach of the Thames stretched before us like the beginning of an interminable waterway .
The Director of Companies was our captain and our host .
Between us there was , as I have already said somewhere , the bond of the sea .
The Accountant had brought out already a box of dominoes , and was toying architecturally with the bones .
The Director , satisfied the anchor had good hold , made his way aft and sat down amongst us .
And this also , said Marlow suddenly , has been one of the dark places of the earth .
No Falernian wine here , no going ashore .
They were no colonists ; their administration was merely a squeeze , and nothing more , I suspect .
It was very fine for a time , but after a bit I did get tired of resting .
And I got tired of that game too .
Now when I was a little chap I had a passion for maps .
I would look for hours at South America , or Africa , or Australia , and lose myself in all the glories of exploration .
Well , I have n't been there yet , and shall not try now .
Other places were scattered about the Equator , and in every sort of latitude all over the two hemispheres .
And as I looked at the map of it in a shop-window , it fascinated me as a snake would a bird  a silly little bird .
Then I remembered there was a big concern , a Company for trade on that river .
I went on along Fleet Street , but could not shake off the idea .
I always went my own road and on my own legs where I had a mind to go .
So I worried them .
The men said ' My dear fellow ' and did nothing .
Then  would you believe it ?  I tried the women .
I got my appointment  of course ; and I got it very quick .
It appears the Company had received news that one of their captains had been killed in a scuffle with the natives .
A calamity had come to it , sure enough . The people had vanished .
What became of the hens I do n't know either .
However , through this glorious affair I got my appointment , before I had fairly begun to hope for it .
In a very few hours I arrived in a city that always makes me think of a whited sepulcher .
I had no difficulty in finding the Company 's offices .
It was the biggest thing in the town , and everybody I met was full of it .
However , I was n't going into any of these .
I was going into the yellow . Dead in the center .
From behind that structure came out an impression of pale plumpness in a frock-coat . The great man himself .
He was five feet six , I should judge , and had his grip on the handle-end of ever so many millions .
He shook hands , I fancy , murmured vaguely , was satisfied with my French .
Well , I am not going to .
Ave ! Old knitter of black wool . Morituri te salutant .
And when they come back , too ? I asked .
Oh , I never see them , he remarked ; ' and , moreover , the changes take place inside , you know .
Famous . Interesting too .
Are you an alienist ? I interrupted .
Pardon my questions , but you are the first Englishman coming under my observation ... .
If I were , said I , I would n't be talking like this with you .
How do you English say , eh ? Good-by .
I ventured to hint that the Company was run for profit .
You forget , dear Charlie , that the laborer is worthy of his hire , she said , brightly .
In the street  I do n't know why  a queer feeling came to me that I was an impostor .
Some , I heard , got drowned in the surf ; but whether they did or not , nobody seemed particularly to care .
They wanted no excuse for being there . They were a great comfort to look at .
For a time I would feel I belonged still to a world of straightforward facts ; but the feeling would not last long .
Once , I remember , we came upon a man-of-war anchored off the coast .
It appears the French had one of their wars going on thereabouts .
It was upward of thirty days before I saw the mouth of the big river .
Her captain was a Swede , and knowing me for a seaman , invited me on the bridge .
I said to him I expected to see that soon .
The other day I took up a man who hanged himself on the road .
He was a Swede , too .
Why , in God 's name ? I cried .
So . Farewell .
Another report from the cliff made me think suddenly of that ship of war I had seen firing into a continent .
This was simple prudence , white men being so much alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be .
Instead of going up , I turned and descended to the left .
My idea was to let that chain-gang get out of sight before I climbed the hill .
How insidious he could be , too , I was only to find out several months later and a thousand miles farther .
For a moment I stood appalled , as though by a warning .
Finally I descended the hill , obliquely , towards the trees I had seen .
Then I nearly fell into a very narrow ravine , almost no more than a scar in the hillside .
Then , glancing down , I saw a face near my hand .
I found nothing else to do but to offer him one of my good Swede 's ship 's biscuits I had in my pocket .
I did n't want any more loitering in the shade , and I made haste towards the station .
Moreover , I respected the fellow .
Yes ; I respected his collars , his vast cuffs , his brushed hair .
He had been out nearly three years ; and , later on , I could not help asking him how he managed to sport such linen .
They , above  the Council in Europe , you know  mean him to be .
Next day I left that station at last , with a caravan of sixty men , for a two-hundred-mile tramp .
Still I passed through several abandoned villages .
I fancy I see it now , but I am not sure  not at all .
Certainly the affair was too stupid  when I think of it  to be altogether natural .
Still ... . But at the moment it presented itself simply as a confounded nuisance .
I asked myself what I was to do there , now my boat was lost .
He inspired uneasiness . That was it ! Uneasiness . Not a definite mistrust  just uneasiness  nothing more .
His position had come to him  why ? Perhaps because he was never ill ...
He originated nothing , he could keep the routine going  that 's all . But he was great .
He could not wait . Had to start without me .
Mr. Kurtz was ...
I felt weary and irritable . Hang Kurtz , I thought .
Being hungry , you know , and kept on my feet too , I was getting savage .
Yes . That ought to do the affair .
In that way only it seemed to me I could keep my hold on the redeeming facts of life .
By Jove ! I 've never seen anything so unreal in my life .
As I approached the glow from the dark I found myself at the back of two men , talking .
Steal a horse straight out . Very well . He has done it . Perhaps he can ride .
The main importance of this agreement lies , I think , in its political nature .
The Council is extremely concerned at the latest developments in the Middle Eastern peace process .
The European Commission maintains that everything depends on supply .
For the longer term , the preparatory mission recommended economic and financial aid to Albania .
The European Union is not a military organization .
The European Union 's economic interests in Hong-Kong are both large in scale and deep-rooted .
I assure the House firmly that Hong-Kong will not slip from our sights in the Commission .
I also want to express my disagreement on the support given to the American law on Hong-Kong .
It needs greater definition on the issue of what is to be done at Community level in terms of employment policy .
STOA , to produce for us a paper which indicated low sulphur fuels are essential .
Madam President , there are only two ways to improve air quality .
We look forward to what the Commission has to say but I would sound a note of warning .
In the proposal for a directive , summer begins on 1 April and ends on 30 September .
These are Amendments Nos 22 , 23 , 37 and 38 .
The Commission has proposed fuel specifications for the year 2000 .
The directive codifies the case law of the Court of Justice and ensures that it will be consistently applied .
All of us as MEPs are small employers too .
That was also mentioned by Mrs Oomen-Ruijten and Mrs Glase .
The Minutes of the part-session of Thursday 29 May 1997 have been distributed .
Mr President , my report also concerns agriculture , bee-keeping to be precise .
It is possible when the matter is raised with the Committee on Petitions .
He won a case against the Greek railways several years ago and he is owed several thousand pounds by them .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
We must be able to create and see our own stories , be it Inspector Morse or Derrick .
We can not accept that situation . The first reading provided a remedy .
As far as I know , Madam President , lies are not accepted in any parliament .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
Two months ago I had to have an operation for a serious complaint .
No doubt much of what our citizens experience as noise does not fall within the competence of the Union .
And this is one of the oldest pieces of environmental legislation that we have in Europe .
For this reason , the initiative of the Commission is worthy of our congratulations .
My group , the Liberal group , is presently focusing its attention on non-European Union nationals .
Madam President , I would also like to thank Mrs Bonino wholeheartedly for her work on behalf of the women in Kabul .
The proposal put forward by the Commission is to be welcomed from the consumer s' point of view .
They were voted down and the reasons will no doubt be put once again by Mrs Bonino .
Madam President , I do not have a script , just two observations .
We have to sustain the European Union as a major food producer and a major exporter .
And I would not want the opposite view to arise through any misunderstanding in the present report .
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to read her speech to you .
Public opinion still has no faith in the Commission 's ability to exercise control .
They were set up by the European Union for a specific purpose .
I have it here with me , Madam President .
Ladies and gentlemen , you are persistently confusing the Minutes with the Report of Proceedings .
Nor have I expanded my production .
Measures should be the same throughout the EU to ensure no Member State gets an unfair advantage .
We need foreign investors in places such as Telford , north Shropshire , Hereford , Ross-on-Wye and Wyre Forest .
A strong euro will therefore penalise European agricultural exports .
We in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development feel that this form of production should be encouraged .
Too little is being done in this area . More needs to be done , but we must avoid creating more bureaucracy .
I was recently in Poland for the Joint Parliamentary Committee .
We support the introduction of a European quality mark , which takes account of animal welfare and the environment .
Thank you , Mr Donnay .
Yesterday it was my privilege and pleasure to be permitted two minute s' speaking time in this House .
It was obviously out of excitement at this great event that I forgot to sign the register .
Ladies and gentlemen , it is a good thing that the details of Member s' attendance are corrected .
Preparing a Union-wide harmonising directive on as complex a matter as energy is certainly a complicated business .
Madam President , our colleague , Mr Cox , has done some excellent work on the Commission 's proposal .
The Green Group fully agrees with Mr Spencer that we must preserve this proposal for a CO2 tax .
The taxes will end up in the German Treasury instead of the Danish Treasury .
Nonetheless , I should like to take up two points which are mentioned in the Environment Committee 's report .
Madam President , my group supports the rapporteur 's position .
But that is not the language used in everyday encounters with the bemused populations of the EU countries .
Now we come to the references to Macao .
The way China develops is vital for the way our own societies develop .
In addition , the Commission has exclusive competence in matters of state aid .
The Commission has already established a number of actions to help them .
The indexing of minimum rates introduced by Mr Cox is a good way of making the regulation simple and reliable .
If I have a criticism of the Legal Affairs Committee 's opinion , it is that it is too one-sided .
That is why the Socialist Group will be supporting this position .
Cultural differences do exist , and so I do not understand why there should not be mandatory provision for exemptions .
The ball is now in the Commission 's court .
At one time , almost all Europe 's major hits came into being with the help of a producer who believed in them .
We feel that the Internet provides an effective way of avoiding that stranglehold .
I am well aware that this was also the aim of Parliament 's work .
C4-0497/98-98/0126 ( CNS ) ) .
Mr President , I should like to start by offering my sincere thanks to Mr Martin .
The proposal , Commissioner Fischler , was also not nearly as good as this one .
That is why we support the Agriculture Committee 's call for a framework regulation .
Contrary to the Commission proposals , we must preserve the current procedure known as the Article 43 procedure .
That is the information I have on this type of activity .
You have the floor , Mr Van Miert .
Mr President , there has been considerable progress made with regard to the internal market for medicinal products .
I should just like to confirm that the Commissioner and the French Minister for Europe are both agreed on that point .
In any case , I congratulate Mrs Thors on her French ; I certainly can not speak in Swedish or Finnish .
I am pleased to confirm that the Commission has received the report to which the honourable Member refers .
Mr Hatzidakis now has the floor for one minute , and his will be the last question to Mr van den Broek today .
As regards the negotiations , you know the Commission 's position .
My question is related to Mr Smith 's question .
It has always failed to deal with the real issue , namely the closing-down of Sellafield .
I have sat here patiently and I find it quite extraordinary that you are not calling me .
Instead of that , you called Mr Fitzsimons as a supplementary to Mr Smith .
I also think that the Commission 's proposals are better able to provide this guarantee of dynamic equilibrium .
This also means that in several areas the report does not follow the liberal proposals made by the Commission .
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is very attentive to the demands of the experts and of society .
Ladies and gentlemen from both North and South , we must vote in favour of this report .
Everyone will therefore understand why I am rejecting them .
Finally , I should like to say that the policies at the centre of our debate are part of an overall picture .
I would really like to know how you can escape into Europe .
We have been discussing this subject ever since I have been in Parliament .
I hope they will be rejected because they are really the epitome of what Parliament is not able to do .
Consequently , I had hoped to be able to count on a clear expression of support from the European Parliament .
Naturally the Commission will do its best to ensure that progress is made .
The regulation that was annulled was based on Article 100c of the Maastricht Treaty .
I thought it appropriate to retable at second reading three of the 12 amendments rejected by the Council .
Chemicals are still on our agenda in the EU .
They include provisions for dealing with the new High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy .
I shall not go into details on the High Representative , as his or her function has already been extensively debated .
Finally , now that I am discussing resources , new technologies and speaking time , my own speaking time has elapsed .
The second part makes it clear that benefits of a value greater than ECU 100 must be declared .
The report is also imprudent in introducing issues not included in the mandate given by the Conference of Presidents .
What I criticise is the spirit underlying these amendments .
This is the last rule in our Rules of Procedure and it concerns the annexes .
Let me begin by saying that I do not intend to talk about my own report .
Notwithstanding this , we shall certainly consider the suggestions put forward by the Socialist Group .
The first concerns the proposal that would prevent political groups being formed of Members from one country only .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the present proposal for a regulation is certainly to be welcomed .
The Member States would have to do so .
I am very glad that some Members also spoke in favour of a special committee , during the debate .
First there is the paragraph inviting the Commission to withdraw its proposal .
Madam President , in the Swedish version of Amendment No-4 there is an unfortunate mistake .
At some stage in their development all SMEs experience problems arising from their weak capital resources .
This document reflects our group 's main concerns about the future of the ACP-EU link .
We have evidence , Mr President , but we apparently do not have proof .
The Commission 's estimates of what would be health-endangering values reflect the outcome of the research carried out .
We should be establishing limit values on a Europe-wide basis , but they should be reasonable as well .
If necessary , the Commission will act at once .
The Needle report on the European Union 's new public health policy seems to ignore this fact completely .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Needle has gone to great trouble with the hearing in committee .
I also believe that the regional authorities are not all in a position to establish contacts with the Commission .
That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .
Unfortunately , at its last vote on the subject Parliament approved these subsidies by a majority .
But Europe will not stand by while the world 's trade rules are flouted .
The European Union put a new and revised banana regime in place on 1 January 1999 .
The United States has shown that it holds negotiations in contempt .
If we do not achieve our objective of resolving this dispute , then I fear the WTO will slip on a banana skin .
Commissioner Brittan should know this .
The appropriate forum for the settlement of this dispute is the World Trade Organisation .
I therefore urge the German presidency to take whatever initiative is necessary in the Bonn EU/US summit in June .
It is as if someone were to steal my wallet and I were then expected to sit down and negotiate with him .
A pirate electronic version is available but not in French .
President Santer rightly pointed out that financial reform is one of the main pillars of Agenda 2000 .
You can see that just by looking at the current discussions in the Council .
At the same time that one truly European own resource is waning rapidly in its importance .
It makes life very difficult for Members , Commissioners and the press .
At any rate , there is still quite a lot of circumvention and evasion in this area by the Member States .
Mr President , I should also like to compliment Mrs Haug on her report .
I should like to welcome Mrs Cresson and ask her to reply to Mr Valverde 's question .
I am unaware of the reasons behind this situation you describe though I can make an educated guess at them .
I am referring to the Rio Coco project .
Mr Martin , please reply without engaging in a dialogue , as the Rules do not provide for one .
I am grateful to the honourable Member for his question .
I just hope that I will be invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it .
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .
You know yourself that the agreement with South Africa was held up because of the fisheries question , too .
We know for certain that those who try to reach the coast of Europe by sea from Morocco often meet a grim fate .
In 1996 , the EDU 's mandate was extended to include the smuggling of human beings .
Question No-49 will therefore receive a written answer .
Detailed statistics on EU trade with Cuba are not available .
I understand from sources in the Scottish industry that there is a major company involved in Norway at the moment .
As I have said , 84 exporters have had the undertakings replaced by duties instead .
This has led to the adoption of a common position on Burma and the withdrawal of GSP benefits .
I had therefore been hoping for a common sense reply , Commissioner , not a technical one .
Questions Nos 60 to 111 will therefore receive written answers .
That concludes Question Time .
It aims at the heart of the matter , as Agenda 2000 negotiations have reached a critical stage .
The issue is the financing of EU enlargement .
I speak on behalf of the British Labour Members on that major area of dissent .
Let us just reflect on the fact that , without a common agricultural policy , there would be no European Union today .
We therefore had to meet these two fundamental objectives and I sincerely believe that we are close to achieving this .
There are two other points I would like to address .
That is what I want to talk about today .
I admit that , Commissioner , and also thank the Commission for improving its proposal compared to the original text .
A very clear and accurate analysis of both Mediterranean and non-Mediterranean ports is required .
All I would regret was his prolonged absence from this House .
This , however , is not the proposal before the House .
I believe the Commission has done a very good job in many cases .
Personally , I should like to see a number of other requirements deleted .
Compared with my own objectives , I do not think the demands made by either of them are tough enough .
Mr President , here too I must congratulate the two rapporteurs .
I have great sympathy with the view that Community legislation should not be over-prescriptive .
There are a number of key points that I would like to address before concluding .
I hope that the whole House will endorse their constructive approach .
If you have any trouble with the boiler , for heaven 's sake let Mackie look at it before you send to town .
There 's no knowing if I 'll be anywhere where I could dare appear in shorts , any more .
I know by your pyjama trousers , I use exactly the same measurement for new elastic as I always did .
And they were only two-hours-and-a-bit from London , their daughters and their friends .
Well , you ought to be at the Independence celebrations , if anyone is .
He said , Certainly I thought of going back , then . Before we left .
Just as I knew we should have to leave .
Poor Adamson , it looked pretty hopeless at times .
I think he 'd have embraced Henry Davis .
She was , after all ( in the true sense of after all that had gone before ) an Englishwoman .
White people given appointments in African countries after independence were usually employed on contract .
It was night in Europe all the way .
He hauled down his coat again to get out at Athens .
My love to you , James .
Venetia had had a first in Greek , herself , only a year ago , and could laugh over the mistakes .
But that was the end of Europe .
Thought I recognized you in Rome .
I must confess I do n't remember you .
I 've only just come to live here ... from down South . South Africa .
You were just in front of me when we got out in Rome .
Yes , I suppose I wo n't know my way around when I get into town .
Oh , it 's still not New York or London , do n't worry .
Well , in that case , we 'll probably bump into each other in Great Lakes Road .
Please Nkrumah Road .
I said I should have to learn my way round all over again .
Sometimes I even think I 'm down South again , that 's a fact .
This way , Colonel , sir .
That 's all right , officer , this is Colonel Bray .
There was an official pennant on the Volkswagen .
Beside him , Kabata 's strong thighs filled the seat .
It 's not too comfortable for a man your height , Colonel .
Mrs. Indira Gandhi arrives this afternoon and yesterday it was United Nations and Sekou Toure .
The young man said , You are from Gala district .
From Umsalongwe .
I wonder if I 'll get that far .
When Bray was delivered to the house there was no one at home but servants well primed to welcome him .
There were  or used to be  leopards on the outskirts of the town ; Dando had once had his dog taken .
At six Roland Dando came home .
An old black Labrador with corns on his elbows stood slowly swinging his tail before Dando as he talked .
Of course , Mweta has to hand out a job to everybody .
But that 's ridiculous , Roly .
You know Shinza .
I had the impression he 'll be ambassador to U.N.
Of course he should have got Foreign Affairs .
Oh Mweta 's not like that .
You know Mweta .
But there 's the President , now .
I certainly had the impression whatever tension there was had eased up , last time I saw Mweta in London .
Yes , poor old Shinza , that 's what everyone says .
Poor old Dando .
Oh Hjalmar Wentz must have been .
He and his wife took over the Silver Rhino last year .
I like old Hjalmar .
He 's just been to Denmark or somewhere because his mother died .
Good God , they 've been gone at least five or six years .
Oh I 'll tell you who 's still around though  Barry Forsyth .
Forsyth Construction . You 'll see the board everywhere .
There was another large meal , and an exchange about a bottle of white wine between Dando and his cook , Festus .
Of course I do n't open wrong kind bottle .
Well it is the wrong one , because I told you this morning I wanted the round flat bottle put in the fridge .
I look , I see the round bottle is red wine inside ...
I know how obstinate you are , Festus ...
You have n't replaced the District Commissioner by appointing a district magistrate .
But now people have to learn that there 's a Department of Public Health to go to .
What a hopeless business it was , hopeless for the D.C. and for the people .
They 'll die off , I suppose .
But God knows what we 'll get then .
When Dando 's opinion of someone was really low he did not seem to hear his name .
The day will come when I 'll have deportation orders to sign that I wo n't want to sign .
Warrants of arrest . Or worse .
Anyone who 's stayed on is a fool if he has n't thought about that , said Bray .
And I 'll be instructing the State Prosecutor to act when I 'd rather not , too .
Well , I know .
I knew it when I said yes to Mweta .
Poor bloody Dando .
After the State Ball there was a private all-night party in a marquee .
Roly Dando had promised to drop by , and of course Bray was with him .
Neil wo n't ... I think it 's a mistake to let oneself forget these things because of vanity .
Someone called to Vivien and they were drawn away from the dancers to a crowded table .
The young man said he was in broadcasting now , so-called assistant to the Director of English Language Services .
I 'm not keen to go straight to the Director-General ...
Save me from Daddy Dando .
She wore a dress made of Congo cloth .
Same as yours , I believe .
Would it embarrass Evelyn if Evelyn sang ? she asked Bray .
Margot would only let her come if I promised to keep her wholesomely occupied .
Later the Odara woman sang the new national anthem in a beautiful contralto , her big belly trembling under the robe .
Bray asked everywhere about Edward Shinza ; certainly he was not in evidence at any official occasion .
It was his as much as Mweta 's .
James , you must come and say hello to Dorothy before we leave .
Uncle Willie 's Independence Joke , Vivien said . Produces a hearty , man-of-the-world laugh from Africans .
The kind of laugh they 've picked up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil .
Still , the Cloughs pursued Bray through Vivien .
Aunt Dorothy says her secretary 's been trying to get hold of you .
They want you for drinks on Monday .
And she knows quite well that we 'd never see each other in London either .
There was some sort of scuffle when Bray arrived ...
Yes , all I 've said to Mweta , again and again ... make your own pace .
Oh , I think I can say we 've come out of it quite good friends .
The ex-Governor looked on , smiling .
I 'll pour Dorothy 's martini as well , maybe that 'll bring her .
My dear James ... it must be a hundred years ...
We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .
Roly Dando asked with grudging interest about the visit .
Since he arrived eighteen months ago there 's been damn all for him to do except go fishing up at Rinsala .
Neil and Rebecca Edwards laughed .
Poor Uncle Willie .
He was quite a nice young man in Dar-es-Salaam .
Wentz , Hjalmar Wentz , we met on the plane .
Try some , Margot , it 's wonderful ...
Are n't I fat enough ...
Oh , not quite ... I must have had hundreds of cups of coffee .
That 's what it was on Thursday . And yesterday ... Only a hundred and nine , that 's all ...
You must n't forget I 've got help , she said .
Our son 's comment was the best , I think .
Well , here 's to three crazy people , said Wentz , excitedly picking up his glass .
Colonel Bray is n't going to run a hotel .
She said quietly , We certainly did n't think we 'd be the proprietors of the Silver Rhino .
Well , perhaps I am , then .
I should think the bar of the Silver Rhino 's as good a place as any to learn what 's really going on .
How people still think with their blood and enjoy to contempt ... yes , the bar at the Silver Rhino .
Our son Stephen is looking after it tonight .
It 's amazing how he deals with those fellows  better than I do , I can tell you .
We promised him a liberal education when we left South Africa , you see .
You have it , Hjalmar .
With an absent smile to Bray across the room , she took up , for a moment , an abandoned beauty .
You think so , I think so ... right .
Timothy Odara 's eyes were closed ; leaning against the wall he kept his lips drawn back slightly , alert .
That 's what I 'm asking ...
All I 'm saying , do n't wear the sufferings of the past round your necks .
The past is useful for political purposes only said Hjalmar , as he might have said : she 's right .
Someone said , Watch out for the man from the CIA .
Of course , Curtis , said Hjalmar .
Mrs. Odara had joined the group , running a big , silver-nailed hand through Curtis Pettigrew 's crew-cut hair .
Oh God , Timothy , not that again .
Well , here you 're mistaken , her husband said , rather grandly , we lived under Mr. Hitler .
I 'm not interested in Hitler .
Timothy Odara 's fine teeth were bared in impatient pleasantness .
My friend , white men have killed more people in Africa than Hitler ever did in Europe .
But you 're crazy , said Wentz gently .
I do n't have any feelings about Hitler .
Oh but you should , Mrs. Wentz said , almost dreaming .
No more and no less than you do about what happened to Africans .
For God 's sake , Timothy , stop baring your teeth and sink them into something .
Rebecca 's been to the Sputnik and she says it 's terrific now .
No , no  well , Ras took her ...
Rebecca Edwards came in from the veranda , smiling good-naturedly , inquiringly , under the remarks shied at her .
Dando refused and Vivien had to go home to the children , and Rebecca Edwards protested that hers were alone too .
There began one of those chases about in the night that , Bray saw , Neil Bayley fiercely enjoyed .
They went all the way back into town to the flats where the Edwards girl lived ...
Not for the first time , an argument had broken out over breakfast at number four , Privet Drive .
He exchanged dark looks with his wife , Petunia .
Dudley , who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair , grinned and turned to Harry .
I meant " please " ! said Harry quickly .
Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt , who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet .
Harry Potter was a wizard  a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
And if the Dursleys were unhappy to have him back for the holidays , it was nothing to how Harry felt .
He missed Hogwarts so much it was like having a constant stomach ache .
It was this scar that made Harry so particularly unusual , even for a wizard .
So Harry had been brought up by his dead mother 's sister and her husband .
And then , exactly a year ago , Hogwarts had written to Harry , and the whole story had come out .
This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career , said Uncle Vernon .
Then he rounded on Harry .
With any luck , I 'll have the deal signed and sealed before the News at Ten .
Neither of them had written to him all summer , even though Ron had said he was going to ask Harry to come and stay .
He 'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy , Draco Malfoy , just to be sure it had n't all been a dream .
Not that his whole year at Hogwarts had been fun .
At the very end of last term , Harry had come face to face with none other than Lord Voldemort himself .
MUUUUUUM ! howled Dudley , tripping over his feet as he dashed back towards the house .
The moment he had finished , Aunt Petunia whisked away his plate .
As they stared at each other , Harry heard Dudley 's voice from the hall .
Just Dobby .
Er  I do n't want to be rude or anything , but  this is n't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my bedroom .
Aunt Petunias high , false laugh sounded from the living room .
You ca n't have met many decent wizards , said Harry , trying to cheer him up .
Oh no , sir , no Dobby will have to punish himself most grievously for coming to see you , sir .
They lets Dobby get on with it , sir .
And the family will never set Dobby free .
This makes the Dursleys sound almost human .
Almost at once , Harry wished he had n't spoken .
But he stopped quickly , because thinking about Hermione was painful .
Voldemort ? said Harry .
Thinking about Ron was painful , too .
Harry nodded and Dobby 's eyes suddenly shone with tears .
But I 've got to go back  term starts on September the first .
Harry Potter must not put himself in peril .
What terrible things ? said Harry at once .
Slowly , Dobby shook his head .
But Dobby 's eyes were wide and he seemed to be trying to give Harry a hint .
Dobby has heard Dumbledore 's powers rival those of He Who Must Not Be Named at the height of his strength .
What  the  devil  are  you  doing ? said Uncle Vernon through gritted teeth , his face horribly close to Harry 's .
Shaking , Harry let Dobby out of the wardrobe .
Friends who do n't even write to Harry Potter ? said Dobby slyly .
Dobby blinked anxiously up at Harry .
He made a grab for the letters , but Dobby jumped out of reach .
Before Harry could move , Dobby had darted to the bedroom door , pulled it open  and sprinted down the stairs .
Mouth dry , stomach lurching , Harry sprang after him , trying not to make a sound .
With a crack like a whip , Dobby vanished .
Aunt Petunia dug some ice-cream out of the freezer and Harry , still shaking , started scrubbing the kitchen clean .
Uncle Vernon might still have been able to make his deal  if it had n't been for the owl .
Mrs Mason screamed like a banshee and ran from the house , shouting about lunatics .
He was bearing down on Harry like a great bulldog , all his teeth bared .
And laughing like a maniac , he dragged Harry back upstairs .
Uncle Vernon was as bad as his word .
The following morning , he paid a man to fit bars on Harry 's window .
They let Harry out to use the bathroom morning and evening .
Three days later , the Dursleys were showing no sign of relenting and Harry could n't see any way out of his situation .
Yet life at Privet Drive had reached an all-time low .
The cat-flap rattled and Aunt Petunia 's hand appeared , pushing a bowl of tinned soup into the room .
Then the Dursleys appeared and Dudley rattled the bars of the cage , laughing at him .
Ron Weasley was outside Harry 's window .
Grinning at Harry from the front seats were Fred and George , Ron 's elder twin brothers .
Bit rich coming from you , said Harry , staring at the floating car .
Stop gibbering , said Ron , we 've come to take you home with us .
If the Dursleys wake up , I 'm dead , said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car .
Panting , Ron hoisted them up into the car .
Harry listened anxiously , but there was no sound from the Dursleys bedroom .
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron , Fred reversed as close as possible to Harry 's window .
Fred and George climbed carefully through the window into Harry 's room .
Watch out for the bottom stair , it creaks , Harry whispered back , as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing .
Harry dashed around his room , collecting his things together and passing them out of the window to Ron .
Then he went to help Fred and George heave his trunk up the stairs .
Harry heard Uncle Vernon cough .
At last , panting , they reached the landing , then carried the trunk through Harry 's room to the open window .
Uncle Vernon coughed again .
Harry and George threw their shoulders against the trunk and it slid out of the window into the back seat of the car .
He was scrambling back onto the chest of drawers when Uncle Vernon hammered on the unlocked door  and it crashed open .
Petunia ! roared Uncle Vernon .
He wound down the window , the night air whipping his hair , and looked back at the shrinking rooftops of Privet Drive .
Uncle Vernon , Aunt Petunia , and Dudley were all hanging , dumbstruck , out of Harry 's window .
The Weasleys roared with laughter and Harry settled back in his seat , grinning from ear to ear .
Let Hedwig out , he told Ron . she can fly behind us .
Harry told them all about Dobby , the warning he 'd given Harry and the fiasco of the violet pudding .
He saw Fred and George look at each other .
Draco Malfoy ? said George , turning around .
He was a big supporter of You Know Who .
Harry had heard these rumours about Malfoy 's family before , and they did n't surprise him at all .
The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was made a prefect , said Fred from the front .
He works in the most boring department , said Ron .
This Muggle woman bought it , took it home and tried to serve her friends tea in it .
It drives Mum mad .
Fred brought the car lower and Harry saw a dark patchwork of fields and clumps of trees .
They had landed next to a tumbledown garage in a small yard and Harry looked out for the first time at Ron 's house .
All three of Mrs Weasley 's sons were taller than she was , but they cowered as her rage broke over them .
Mrs Weasley had shouted herself hoarse before she turned on Harry , who backed away .
There was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle and Harry sat down on the edge of his seat , looking around .
Just last night we were saying we 'd come and get you ourselves if you had n't written back to Ron by Friday .
Blimey , I 'm tired , yawned Fred , setting down his knife and fork at last .
Harry looked at the cover of Mrs Weasley 's book .
Written across it in fancy gold letters were the words : Gilderoy Lockhart 's Guide to Household Pests .
Mrs Weasley beamed down at him .
Yawning and grumbling , the Weasleys slouched outside with Harry behind them .
The garden was large , and in Harry 's eyes , exactly what a garden should be .
There was a violent scuffling noise , the peony bush shuddered and Ron straightened up .
It was certainly nothing like Father Christmas .
He 's back ! said George .
Mr Weasley took a long gulp of tea and sighed .
Find anything , Dad ? said Fred eagerly .
Mrs Weasley had appeared , holding a long poker like a sword .
Mr Weasley 's eyes jerked open .
Yes , Arthur , cars , said Mrs Weasley , her eyes flashing .
Mr Weasley blinked .
He looked around , saw Harry , and jumped .
Harry stepped over a pack of Self-Shuffling playing cards on the floor and looked out of the tiny window .
In the field far below he could see a gang of gnomes sneaking , one by one , back through the Weasleys hedge .
Then he turned to look at Ron , who was watching him almost nervously , as though waiting for his opinion .
Not like that room you had with the Muggles .
Life at The Burrow was as different as possible from life in Privet Drive .
The Dursleys liked everything neat and ordered ; the Weasleys house burst with the strange and unexpected .
Mrs Weasley fussed over the state of his socks and tried to force him to eat fourth helpings at every meal .
Ingenious , really , how many ways Muggles have found of getting along without magic .
Harry heard from Hogwarts one sunny morning about a week after he had arrived at The Burrow .
He and Ron went down to breakfast to find Mr and Mrs Weasley and Ginny already sitting at the kitchen table .
The moment she saw Harry , Ginny accidentally knocked her porridge bowl to the floor with a loud clatter .
Ginny seemed very prone to knocking things over whenever Harry entered a room .
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .
Harry 's told him to catch the Hogwarts Express as usual from King 's Cross station on September the first .
The new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher must be a fan  bet it 's a witch .
At this point , Fred caught his mother 's eye and quickly busied himself with the marmalade .
Oh , are you starting at Hogwarts this year ? Harry asked Ginny .
Fortunately no one saw this except Harry , because just then Ron 's elder brother Percy walked in .
He was already dressed , his Hogwarts prefect badge pinned to his knitted tank top .
I wrote to her saying we were going to try and rescue you from the Dursleys .
Let me know what 's happening as soon as you can , love from Hermione .
Harry , Ron , Fred and George were planning to go up the hill to a small paddock the Weasleys owned .
They had asked Percy if he wanted to join them , but he had said he was busy .
Harry had only seen Percy at meal-times so far ; he stayed shut in his room the rest of the time .
Wish I knew what he was up to , said Fred , frowning .
If we 're not careful , we 'll have another Head Boy in the family .
Bill was the oldest Weasley brother .
He and the next brother , Charlie , had already left Hogwarts .
Stored in an underground vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him .
Never ? said Mr Weasley .
He 'll be fine , Molly , do n't fuss , said Mr Weasley , helping himself to Floo powder , too .
Even worse , the dark , narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon Alley .
Special permission from Dumbledore so he could play for Gryffindor .
Mr Malfoy , what a pleasure to see you again , said Mr Borgin in a voice as oily as his hair .
Mr Borgin fixed a pince-nez to his nose and looked down the list .
Mr Malfoy 's lip curled .
The name Malfoy still commands a certain respect , yet the Ministry grows ever more meddlesome .
Not with me , said Mr Malfoy , his long nostrils flaring .
Harry watched nervously as Draco drew nearer and nearer to his hiding place , examining the objects for sale .
Caution : Do Not Touch .
Harry wiped his forehead on his sleeve as Draco turned away .
The moment the door had closed , Mr Borgin dropped his oily manner .
Muttering darkly , Mr Borgin disappeared into a back room .
He had emerged into a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the Dark Arts .
An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling poisonous candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley .
This did n't help , as Harry had never heard of such a place .
Harry saw a familiar , snow-white marble building in the distance : Gringotts Bank .
Hagrid had steered him right into Diagon Alley .
Harry explained all about Dobby and the Dursleys .
Ruddy Muggles , growled Hagrid .
Harry looked up and saw Hermione Granger standing at the top of the white flight of steps to Gringotts .
Harry and Hermione looked around : sprinting up the crowded street were Ron , Fred , George , Percy and Mr Weasley .
I should ruddy well think not , growled Hagrid .
Mr Weasley took Harry 's glasses , gave them a tap of his wand and returned them , good as new .
Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes ? Harry asked Ron and Hermione as they climbed the Gringotts steps .
Oh , you 're changing Muggle money .
He pointed excitedly at the tenpound notes in Mr Granger 's hand .
There was a very small pile of silver Sickles inside , and just one gold Galleon .
Mrs Weasley felt right into the corners before sweeping the whole lot into her bag .
Fred and George had spotted their friend from Hogwarts , Lee Jordan .
Harry , Ron and Hermione strolled off along the winding , cobbled street .
An hour later , they headed for Flourish and Blotts .
Harry , Ron , and Hermione squeezed inside .
A long line wound right to the back of the shop , where Gilderoy Lockhart was signing his books .
